Dennis previously invited me to have a video interview on scaling Bitcoin with him.  He didn't like the way I demolished his small block position in the interview, so then he refused to release the video of it, and now he is implying that I'm a fraud.  Send me the video Dennis and I will gladly publish it on my own YouTube Channel.
You are still welcome here any time,  and I don't know about others,  but the heavily down voted and collapsed posts are my favorite ones to read.  I always click the button so I can read them.
It looks like the bet will be:

Me (Roger Ver) 1,000
vs
Charlie Lee 250
Ben Davenport 250
Alex Morcos 250
Tuur Demeester 250

If you are currently an owner or user of a Genesis Coin ATM contact the operator to enable Bitcoin (BCH) on it ASAP!
One more reason not to visit the USA.
And Theymos and his censorship can go to hell.
I didn't unfollow him.  He blocked me. 
Here is a copy of the notice from Youtube about why they took it offline.
Here is a copy of the video still online thanks to Facebook.
Edit:  Here is where Youtube informed me the video was taken down for violating rules against "spam and deceptive practices".
I’d like to apologize again for allowing BTCDRAK to fool me into allowing him to become a moderator here.
This sort of mentality from so many of the BCH opponents is so sad.  If you don't like BCH,  don't use it.
Thank you guys!  Despite the setback of world wide adoption caused by Core's block size limit and their suppression of open discussion,  we are well on our way to brining more economic freedom to the world!
Bloomberg
Within 3 minutes of posting a non crypto currency related tweet, there were more than a half dozen anti Bitcoin Cash replies. 
I'm sure this will be a powerful demonstration to people across the country.
The last time I met some small blockers in real life they were telling everyone at the local Bitcoin meetup not to pay with bitcoin, and that they should all be using credit cards instead.  (You can't make this stuff up)
I'll talk with the team to see if there is a way we can offer low cost subsidized transactions ONLY for transactions that are exchanging BTC to BCH.
I bought thousands before the fork actually happened on a futures market.  I never bought any after the fork until about 2 days ago when I sold about a dozen BTC for BCC.  I hope that clarifies things.  There was no lie here, and the pump in price wasn't due to me.
Vitalik was too smart to be fooled by the censorship and propaganda of Core.  That is why they hate him and ETH so much.
I don't disagree.  Sorry.
In the long run I am even more bullish on BCC than Segwit 2x, but the real winner in the Bitcoin scaling civil war has already been, and will continue to be alt coins. 
I'm ready!
People own their own bodies and have the absolute right to put whatever they want inside of them. Billions of people across the planet choose to use drugs every day, from tobacco and alcohol, to heroin and cocaine. They do it because they enjoy them, and they think they make their lives better.
To think that other human beings, by writing down words on a piece of paper and calling it a law, could somehow strip away this fundamental right to self ownership is insanity. The police, DEA agents, judges, and other law enforcement officers that lock people in cages for the peaceful acts of buying, selling or using drugs are the real criminals, and need to stop. History will look back upon them with the same contempt we have today for slave owners of the past.
Thanks for communicating with the community.  We can't wait to use our BCH in actual commerce!
Here is a quarter of a billion dollars that says you are one of the worst things to ever happen to Bitcoin:  https://vote.bitcoin.com/arguments/the-creation-of-blockstream-was-the-most-damaging-thing-to-ever-happen-to-bitcoin
One more point to add:  BTCDrak heard that I knew about the event and was in the area. He specifically contacted me to let me know that I am not invited to attend. 
I'm Roger Ver, 
A few months ago I was hacked by what appears to be the same person.
They tried to extort $20K from me,  and threatened to ruin my, and my family’s lives if I didn’t pay.
Instead I offered a 37.6 BTC bounty for information that leads to that person’s arrest and conviction.
Summary from Coindesk: http://www.coindesk.com/how-roger-ver-hacked-what-he-did-stop-it/
Full details from me:  http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/26d79c/roger_ver_hacking_incident_full_details_376_btc/
Hacker according to Vice story:  https://twitter.com/LulzClerk
Hacker in my case:  https://i.imgur.com/p0wqKjd.png
It seems pretty clear that the hacker is the same person,  so I am more than happy to pay the bounty to whoever provides the information to law enforcement that leads to that person’s arrest and conviction.
Thanks for posting.  I wish more people from both sides of the scaling debate would see and speak up about just how damaging Theymos' censorship has been.  We've lost years of progress because of it. 
You are right.
If you paid a whole cent for the transaction fee, you paid too much.  Try out the Bitcoin.com wallet.
Is he willing to pay them with Bitcoin for saying Bitcoin is a scam?
Tone Vays is kinda useless for the first world.
Statists are going to state.....
Thank you Mike for being such a valuable contributor to the early Bitcoin ecosystem.  We are all grateful to you.
We are already working on the issue and it should be back online later today.  
Unlike /r/bitcoin, our mod logs are open.  There isn’t even a question that this sub is censorship free.
I live in Japan, and helped explain Bitcoin to this company's CEO and employees.
I'm happy to answer questions about how big a deal this is.
Everyone in all of Japan knows OKWave, and has a positive image of the company.
This will likely help turn around the public perception of Bitcoin in a big way.
Japan's total population is about 120M, this website gets about 40M monthly visitors!
Their integration of Bitcoin is a big deal!
Ask me anything here about it here: https://forum.bitcoin.com/post1538.html#p1538
I (Roger Ver) will give it a try:

Roger doxing someone over $50

This was about 6 years ago now, but I recall that I emailed this person privately with all of his information and 100% proof that he had my money, and asked him to send it back to me.  He then published the entire email and doxed himself.  To this day, if there is proof, I think thieves should be doxed on the internet.  Law enforcement seems to agree too.

Roger making directly hypocrital statements regarding segwit/lightning

When there are tens or hundreds of hours of content out there it is easy to pick two clips that sound contradictory.  My position is that I think lightning would be super neat if it could ever work reliably,  but on chain scaling is a long term solution that shouldn't be ignored.  Unfortunately Core supporters have broken a system that we had 8+ years of empirical evidence showing that it worked amazingly well, in favor of an untested system that may or may not work at some point in the future.  I think that was incredibly reckless. 

Roger claiming to have sold >1000 BTC for BCH then saying he hasn't.

At the time of the statement I had sold some on a futures market and hadn't taken delivery yet, so it could be interpreted either way.  If that was the worst thing I've done in my life, I think I'm doing pretty well. 

Roger's correlation of calling bitcoin cash bcash like calling a minority a slur.

People call Bitcoin Cash Bcash in an attempt to insult or belittle it.  These are the exact same reasons people use racial slurs.  
After reading your post and watching the video,  I suspect you have never made a single lighting network transaction,  and likely haven't made any recent BTC or BCH transactions.  Is that assumption correct?
I invite you to give both a try, and I think you will instantly know which one is more useful to the world today.
You can get rid of those high fee inconvenient BTC and get more of those BCH that were described in the original Satoshi whitepaper.
Samson is unlikely to ever debate me.  Look at how he weaseled out of it last time:  https://forum.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-discussion/roger-ver-vs-samson-mow-debate-thread-t23081.html
Let's play a game of "How wrong were they?"
I’ll see what I can do.
P.S. Theymos is a disgrace to all of the reasons I chose to get involved with Bitcoin. He should be publicly shamed for his actions.
My Japanese friend was severely groped to the point where she was in tears over it, and it was done by foreigner. 
Andreas had his shot twice.  I'd love my turn,  and you better believe I'll speak out against the censorship too.  If Andreas ever has spoken out about it at all, I missed it. 
Core supporting liars are busy on Twitter trying to claim no one was there for Bitcoin Cash or myself. People literally lined up for nearly an hour to take Bitcoin Cash photos with me, their BCH stickers, and wallets., and the reception desk had BCH signs, and handed out BCH stickers to every single person who attended. Here is one of the flyers that most people received to inform them of the event. (Clearly BCH related)
It is actually a Bitcoin Cash supporting ATM, and the Bitcoin.com team sold it to them.
Yes.
have an upvote for pointing this out.
We have never DOSed anyone's website, and would never resort to such a thing.
Craig didn't even attend 95% of the meeting.  He left almost immediately after his own presentation.  Calvin Ayre didn't attend at all.
Sorry I didn't see this during the live stream.  My only regret is that I didn't do it sooner.  The biggest expense was the "exit tax" to leave. 
This was back in the days when eBay even had a guns and ammo section and it was common for people to sell all sorts of things like this on ebay.  If anyone has an old Cabela's catalog from around that time, you will see the same product for sale there as well.  (Shipped to you in the mail without a permit or anything else special.)  It was a different world before 9-11
I'd love to build a competitor on Bitcoin.com,  but all of our devs are super busy with other Bitcoin Cash projects at the moment.  We are gladly hiring more competent people to help with things.  If you think you would be able to build a good competitor,  email jobs@bitcoin.com with the details.
Will the politicians see the error of their way on their own,  or will crypto currencies strip away their power to do harm first?
We actually will be dropping this to be even lower soon.  Maybe  1 satoshi per ten bytes. 
Why anyone would take Bitcoin advice from the person who is trying to compete with Bitcoin is beyond me.  
I would gladly jettison it if enough of the ecosystem was on board.  Bitcoin did just fine without segwit for the first 8 years. A hard fork version seems like the smarter path.
They've done this exact same stuff to me too.  They seem to have no problem intentionally lying if it furthers their agenda.  I got involved with Bitcoin to nullify people like that.
TokenStars previously only accepted ETH and BTC.  They recently contacted me wanting me to donate something to be auctioned off, so I told them they must accept BCH in order for me to participate, and now they do! You can also bid in BCH for a "BCH PLS" T-shirt signed by me.  The proceeds will be donated to the Mises Institute. 
I made this video voluntarily, and free of coercion.   I did spend about 5 minutes in advance, writing down what I wanted to say.  I then read it from my own script for this video. 
Fake news
In addition to people using bots to try to steal money,  they are also using bots to try to shape popular opinion and create fake support for things that aren't actually popular or true.
They both have awfully big smiles on their faces.  They must know something....
Your move /u/Theymos & /r/Bitcoin
We need to build more unstoppable tools for the world to use.
I hope they will be more successful in defending free speech than we were.
For those that don't know, censorship supporting Core trolls managed to have this video deleted from Youtube by falsely reporting it for "spam or deceptive practices
Amir is %100 directly responsible for the theft of $40,000 and 40,000 because he released the Bitcoinica source code without anyone's permission.  He and his other Bitcoinica partners owe me 24,000 BTC  yet says that he doesn't care.  He is bad news for Bitcoin and needs to leave forever!  https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=67199.msg1099851#msg1099851
All of us here are fans of layer 2 scaling solutions.  We just don't think that layer 1 should be intentionally limited to push people into layer 2 solutions.  On chain can't scale forever,  but that doesn't mean that it can't scale a lot.
Pretty amazing for only having been out about 3 months!
I'm pushing for Bitcoin to be cash for the world.
I would gladly fly to LA to set the record straight with Joe Rogan.  
Coming across the board in the next update.
Yes, but that foreigner last night sure didn’t do the rest of us good foreigners any favors.
This is one of the best posts I've seen in /r/BTC for a long time.  Thanks for compiling all this!  I scanned the 40 page interview document,  but is there evidence of CSW discussing bitcoin with the tax office in 2009 other than Craig saying so in the interview himself?
I’m glad more and more people are realizing that Theymos and his censorship are bad news.
We are gladly waiting with open arms.
For those who don't know,  the OP was the CTO of OKcoin, also known as Changpeng Zhao.
Good thing they intentionally destroyed a perfectly working P2P system to force us all into a system that doesn’t work.
He is a snake.
Coming soon!
Our partner has missed his deadline,  so we are going to miss the deadline too.  Sorry about that,  but we will have it online as soon as we possibly can.  
This was from an internal company memo, but I thought the public might enjoy it as well.
Where can we ready more about this?
As your seed investor and largest shareholder up until your most recent round, I also hope you will add BCC ASAP. /u/evoorhees
The honest answer is that I don't know. Perhaps they will compete side by side like Visa vs American Express.  I do think that Ethereum wouldn't have any where near as much traction as it has already gotten if it wasn't for the intentional stranglement of Bitcoin.  Every single consumer facing Bitcoin business has been forced to become a Bitcoin + Ethereum + other alt coin business because of this insane policy.  Anyone that thinks Bitcoin is the winner no matter what, is fooling themselves, and those who are not allowing Bitcoin to scale are betraying all the early adopters like myself who signed up for Satoshi's vision.
The Silk Road was the reason I heard about Bitcoin for the first time.
Adam Back,  if you actually support free speech,  you should fire this censorship supporting toxic troll who is too scared to even have an actual debate on the scaling issues. 
This was from an email someone sent to me.  I thought it was an observation worth sharing. 
So far, the following have agreed to participate:

Nov 2nd, Kevin Aleman, CEO of LUXSTACK 
Nov 2nd, Jeremy Allaire CEO of Circle 
Nov 2nd, Gavin Andresen, Core Developer, Bio 
Nov 3rd ,Takao Asayama, CEO of Zaif 
Nov 3rd, Kristov Atlas, Open Bitcoin Privacy Project 
Nov 4th Juan Garavaglia, CEO of RootStock.io
Nov 4th, Patrick Byrne CEO of Overstock & tØ.com
Nov 4th, Wences Casares, CEO of XAPO 
Nov 5th, Ben Davenport, Co-founder of BitGo 
Nov 5th, Anthony Di lorio, CEO of Decentral & Kryptokit
Nov 5th, Bruce Fenton, Executive Director of The Bitcoin Foundation 
Nov 6th, Jeremy Gardner, Co-Founder of Augur 
Nov 6th, Jeff Garzik, Core Developer and CEO of DSS
Nov 6th, Mike Hearn, Core Developer, Bio 
Nov 9th, David Johnston, Co-Founder of Decentralized Applications Fund
Nov 9th, Asher Tan, CEO of CoinJar
Nov 9th, Yuzo Kano, CEO of bitFlyer
Nov 9th, Jered Kenna, CEO of 20 Mission 
Nov 10th, Andrew Lee, CEO of Purse.io 
Nov 10th, Bobby Lee, CEO of BTCC 
Nov 10th, Joe Lee, CIO of magnr.com
Nov 10th, Charlie Lee, Creator of Litecoin and Director of Engineering at Coinbase
Nov 11th, Ken Lo, CEO of ANX Intl
Nov 11th, Gary Le, Co-founder of Moneta
Nov 11th, Dan Moorhead, CEO of Pantera Capital
Nov 12th, Justin Newton, CEO of Netki (date confirmed)
Nov 12th, Stephen Pair, CEO of Bitpay 
Nov 12th, Michael Perklin, President of CryptoCurrency Certification Consortium (C4) 
Nov 13th, Brock Pierce, Co-Founder of Blockchain Capital
Nov 13th, Jesse Powel CEO of Kraken 
Nov 13th, Frank Schuil, CEO of Safello
Nov 14th, Andreas M. Antonopoulos, Bio 
Nov 16th, Barry Silbert, CEO of theDigital Currency Group 
Nov 16th, Paul Snow CEO of Factom 
Nov 16th, Paul Sztorc, Creator of Bitcoin Hive Mind (formerly known as Truthcoin) 
Nov 17th, Michael Terpin, Co-Founder of BitAngels 
Nov 17th, Jeffery Tucker CEO of Liberty.me 
Nov 17th, Roger Ver, Bio 
Nov 18th, Aaron Voisine, CEO of Breadwallet 
Nov 18th, Erik Voorhees, CEO of shapeshift.io 
Nov 18th, Zooko Wilcox-O'Hearn CEO of Zerocoin 
Nov 19th, Nic Carey, Co-founder of Blockchain.info 
Nov 19th Dmitry Murashchik (Rassah) Mycelium
Nov 19th, Matthew Roszak, Founding Partner at Tally Capital
Nov 20th Henry Brade, CEO of Denarium & Bittiraha.fi
Nov 20th To be continued.....
Full details at: https://forum.bitcoin.com/announces/bitcoin-com-ama-event-full-schedule-t1665.html
You are still invited even if your name is not already on the list above

That brings back a lot of memories.  I want to thank AAntop for sticking up so strongly for the truth at that time.
I just want to say thank you for building things that are useful to the world.  Thank you.
Thanks for the great graphic!  I will likely use it in my twitter feed soon.
Over 32% now:  http://nodecounter.com/
And going much lower soon!
Welcome home!
The police had all the evidence, including the name and address of the thief,  but they chose to do nothing.  I've had a similar experience in my own life as well.  I'll make a video telling my own story about that soon as well.  I think I will title it something along the lines of "Why the police are even worse than common criminals".  
NHK is the most popular channel in Japan.  They sent reporters all the way to the US to interview Gavin and others about Bitcoin.  The 20 minute special aired yesterday.
We signed all the contracts with the first partner, and then they never delivered. We’ve still been looking for other partners ever since.
This article is incredibly misleading and needs to clarify what "Satoshi's Vision" is.  It certainly isn't referring to the full node implementation by Nchain.
The main meeting starts today and isn't at the W hotel.
And in seven years an additional 12TB of storage will be about $30
This certainly should be shocking to new readers, or anyone else with a sense of morals.
Both of us are betting that the coins we are receiving after the fork will be worth more than the ones that we are giving up.  That is how a bet works.
I also think that is the most likely case.
And the BTC boys can’t be angry because they don’t even want BTC to be used for payments. “Muh store of value!”
Get your BCH tip bots ready!
Are Chinese aware of the massive censorship taking place on the main english speaking Bitcoin news sources?  (/r/Bitcoin likely provides more people with their Bitcoin news than every other english language website combined)  If they are aware of it,  what are their thoughts on it?
Actually I’ve been using BTC to buy more BCH recently at the current amazing exchange rate.
Yes, but I am appealing it now.
Charlie Lee also supports a crippling 1MB limit for BTC.  Guess what coin he is involved with that might stand to profit if BTC were crippled. 
I think the BTC ticker will be with Segwit 2X per the NYA.
I hope Mike Hearn will come back.
He has been a BCH fan from day one, and opposed to the Core supporting censorship from day one as well.
If you want to help out,  please add a link to Bitcoin.com from your website,  or better yet,  replace a .org link to a .com one.
I'm ready!
To sweeten the deal,  I will donate 1BTC to help orphans and widows in Uganda once Samson debates me. 
So true.  I'm glad people are noticing this.
I did reach out to him but never heard back.    I think it works better when the request comes from people other than myself though.  That's how I ended up being invited to be on the Rubin Report. 
Source:  https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/77hh43/craig_this_is_why_we_have_pow_skin_in_the_game/dombdoi/
I thought everyone knew this.
Maybe...
Economic freedom is the only thing that ever has freed the world from poverty.
The scammer is contacting everyone.  Gavin Andreson, Jeff Garzik, Charlie Lee, maybe even Theymos although he would likely censor discussion of it on /r/Bitcoin....
There is still lots more work for us to do on Bitcoin Cash.  Stay tuned!
Lots of slides with direct quotes here: https://www.rogerver.com/slides/Pantera%20March%20%202017.pdf
There was also a recent time when Samson Mow publicly agreed to a debate,  but privately chickened out:  https://forum.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-discussion/roger-ver-vs-samson-mow-debate-thread-t23081.html
It is ~100 previous incoming payments from different customers going to one single payment address, and one change address.  Anyone running a business accepting payments in Bitcoin will have lots of transactions like this.
Mostly I was annoyed by the small blockers making fun of our event and claiming no one showed up.  %100 for sure we had more than 50 people.  We know this because the hotel was counting to keep track of what to bill me.  I spoke with multiple people who attended the "official" event, and it sounds like our Free Speech party had as many, or even more people in attendance than the "official" event despite the trolls trying to belittle it. 
After I publicly outed Shrem for not paying his debits, he blocked me on Twitter, and I had over a half dozen other people contact me privately saying that he owed them money as well.  source
I’m glad to see liars getting called out.
Welcome to the land of the free!
Still super relevant today.
/u/mccormack555 gets it.  Too bad Blockstream and Core don't.
The Bitcoin.com Pool is almost ready!
User experience and ecosystem depth is king at the end of the day.  Try them both, and decide for yourself.
True to our word, Bitcoin.com just sent in our matching funds.
"Only the stupid will fall for that bullshit metric" was the reply I had from a Core supporter when I told him: You are the one denying the fact that your policy made BTC go from 85% market share to 35% market share in just one year.
This is funny because it is true.
⚡⚡⚡UASF 300KB⚡⚡⚡
Google says: "We can’t reveal what tipped us off because the attackers will take note and change their tactics."
Google told us that it was because they no longer allow crypto currency mining apps.  I have no idea how they came under the impression that our wallet is a mining app.
Looks like he prepared for a speech not a debate.
You can watch our public wallet ticker that is updated every minute here. 
He makes an interesting point that it is super easy for Blockstream or other companies to pivot away from Bitcoin and do something else.  Bitcoin miners can't pivot their hardware to something else,  so they have an even stronger incentive to make Bitcoin a success. 
TLDR:  He proposes that we jump to 2mb in the Bitcoin classic.
The Satoshi email hacker seems to be the same person that hacked my email account the other month.
https://twitter.com/LulzClerk
Link from twitter profile: http://pastebin.com/kM1UYZzk
He is using the exact same photos for his twitter account, and the same names.
  (Clerk, God, and 1337 in the names)
http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/26d79c/roger_ver_hacking_incident_full_details_376_btc/
I suppose now is a good time to mention that I am still offering the 37.6 BTC bounty for the person who provides the information that leads to the arrest and conviction of this hacker.
Roger Ver
I was fooled. Craig is a fraud. (I’ve said it before as well)
He even stated as much.


The"vulnerability" they are reporting is that if your entire device is compromised by hackers, your funds might be stolen.
That doesn’t seem to be news worthy to me.  


We are always looking to improve the security and usability of our wallet, but the "vulnerability" reported above isn't one with our wallet.  It is primarily a complaint that your operating system is hackable if you install malware on your device.


Bitcoin.com wallet user’s funds are already secure.  Over a billion dollars worth of funds are currently stored with the Bitcoin.com wallet across nearly 2,000,000 wallets.
If there was a major security vulnerability with our open source wallet,  those billion dollars worth of funds would have already been stolen.  


This appears just to be a hit piece from a group who is launching their own competing closed source wallet.


In contrast with Bitcoin Core supporter Luke Jr:  https://vid.me/66PC1
Maybe,  but he is holding the moral high ground and condemning it even when it benefits his own project.
That's because anyone who tries to post the truth over there just has their post deleted.  What's left for everyone to see are the Theymos supporting comments. 
Bitcoin did much better under Gavin's watch going from $1 to $1,000 than it has under Core's watch. 
It is amazing how quickly the trolls showed up to comment directly on the article.  That must be because John Locke is doing such an amazing job speaking truth to power!
It frightens me for the future of Bitcoin how many small blockers are arguing against one of the most basic tenets of economics. 
When things cost more, people use less of it.
This applies, to cigarettes, gasoline, health care, cheese, and even bitcoin. Yet many Core supporters are claiming this isn't true. 
If people who ignore the laws of economics continue to drive the future path for Bitcoin, Bitcoin will not live up to anything near its full potential.
Unfortunately, I know of multiple companies with more than 100,000,000 users that have put their bitcoin integration on hold because there isn't enough current capacity in the Bitcoin network for their users to start using Bitcoin.  Instead they are looking at options other than Bitcoin. -Roger Ver
He always promises to do things in the future and then never does.
That certainly isn't an impartial moderator!
She cut me off several times but I don't recall her ever cutting Tone off.  More double standards from Core supporters....
Video coming soon!
And if you see any of us at a conference, just ask for your free Bitcoin Cash / Bitcoin.com swag.  It's free!
I just reinstated the thread.   I don't know why Ratcliff thought it was a good idea to remove it.  I look forward to hearing his reason.
I donated over 7,000 BTC to the Bitcoin Foundation, and a good chunk of that was used to pay Gavin's salary.  I've also funded numerous projects behind the scenes to help improve the bitcoin ecosystem. 
How many Bitcoins I have left is none of anyone's business,  but I will say that my Bitcoin holdings are more than 99% of my total crypto coin holdings,  so please stop spreading misinformation. My heart belongs to Bitcoin.
I was so excited for this release that I couldn’t fall asleep tonight!  It’s finally here!  Thank you Jonald!
Less economic freedom literally does cause people to die who would otherwise be alive.  It isn't an exaggeration. 
Small blockers lying and cheating to get their way?!  Why am I not surprised....
It is being discussed by email now.
It looks like it will be:

If there is a 1x / 2x fork, each side gets all of their preferred version of the coins.
If there is no fork, everyone gets back all of their coins.

Core is actively and intentionally destroying Bitcoin’s money-ness.  If they succeed,  Bitcoin will no longer be used as money.
Thank you Peter. I really like all the posts and videos I've seen from you as well. Thank you for your efforts in the space.
The first of many many many more to come!
They did the exact same thing to me too.  They were claiming all sorts of censorship in /r/BTC while banning me from being able to reply before I've ever made a single post there.
Thank you for the consistent flow of great content Rick.
Yahoo.com
More adoption and more recognition 
For what it is worth,  Bitcoin.com is one of the most visited and most successful websites in the entire crypto currency ecosystem. 
And about a half dozen Blockstream members are were in Tokyo this last week and all of them refused to have any sort of discussion of the issues with me. They hide behind the censorship and troll armies.
Right,  although recently some pools have started to pay out a portion of the tx fees too.  When we first offerd 105% block reward, the tx fees were about an extra 6%,   now the fees have risen to about 11% so we are offering 110%.  If the TX fees go even higher,  we will pay out even more.  We won't let bitcoin be destroyed by a bunch of people who hardly even use it,  and don't understand what makes Bitcoin useful.  They are denying reality when they think that Bitcoin could never be the myspace of crypto currencies.  
I don't think there is a single mining pool in existence that hasn't had an orphaned block.  This isn't a big deal in any way for a beta pool like Bitcoin.com
It also doesn't affect the vast majority of our miners in any way since they are paid per share regardless of how many blocks we find.  (or have orphaned)
I never wanted or agreed to a Lincoln Douglas style debate and was not informed ahead of time.  It would seem strange to have one of the debate participants also be the moderator as well.
This must be April 1st.
I thought it was going to be by the end of last month.  I hope it will be by the end of this month.....
After the bet I’ll have even more funds to support Bitcoin Cash if that is what I want to do.
It has been in your email box multiple times for months. https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/891059229632614400
Anyone that thinks BU has anything to do with promoting asicboost missed the entire point.  Go back and read Satoshi's white paper to understand what BU is all about. 
Not a single person would even be interested in /r/BTC if it wasn't for all the control of debate going on in this subreddit.  I would also like to remind everyone that there is a free forum available now at https://forum.bitcoin.com as well. I look forward to seeing you all there.
I’m mad because Core delayed crypto currency adoption and the benefits it will bring by several years for all of human kind.
It is shocking how many people on twitter who were not at the event claim to know all about what it was.  What a bunch of liars....
The hash rate doesn't belong to me.  The users of the pool can choose which they want to mine.  Most of them chose to mine the coin that is most profitable. 
I want the Bitcoin described in the original Satoshi white paper. 
The above is from an email someone sent me.  I thought it was worth sharing.
Join the party at: https://www.bitcoin.com/choose-your-wallet/bitcoin-com-wallet
You are right,  but I shouldn't have let him get me that worked up.
At first I thought he was too due to the accent,  and being hard to hear him,  but in reality he was super angry about everything I was saying.
Welcome to Bitcoin Cash!
Thanks for remembering.  The delay is unfortunate, but still much better than that Dutch scammer who tricked me into giving an interview and then publicly stated that he won’t post it at all because he disagrees with what I said.
I think this was the most shocking comment for me in the whole debate.  He says the original Bitcoin white paper doesn't work,  but simultaneously thinks the thing Blockstream is promoting should still be called Bitcoin.
I sure did!  Thanks for the example!
Yes,  we will be updating the ticker to BCH across the site in the coming days.
As a company we are going along with it.  Privately I'm afraid that it is too little, too late.
This obviously was a coordinated attack since the video was taken offline for "selling regulated items, such as firearms".
Next up is allowing people to write to it from inside our Bitcoin.com Wallet.
nope
Even if you love every aspect of Core and Blockstream's roadmap,  you should still be appalled by the moderation policies at r/Bitcoin
As someone in attendance myself,  with an admittedly biased view, it seems about 1/3 of those in attendance support on chain scaling ASAP.  Although many of them submitted applications to present on on chain scaling topics, none of those people were allowed to present. 
This is a great example of how politicians don't think they represent us.  They think they rule us.
Open the mod logs while you are at it too
Thank you for transcribing this.
BCH is one of the most traded assets on CoinEX, so BCH's world wide stats would be even more impressive if this data was included.
Mei is about to fight for the women's championship in One FC 
This is a rematch for the title after losing a super close decision the last time. One FC is as popular or more popular than UFC in Asia.  Enjoy, and go Mei!
I was just watching this video and it is stunning how wrong he is about everything.  He thinks Bitcoin has intrinsic value when in reality all value is in the mind of the beholder, not in the item itself.  He then goes on to basically claim Marx's labor theory of value applies to Bitcoin because it has the best developers...... Just wow....
There is already too much arguing about who Satoshi is, and what would they think about scaling,  but we already know what the person Satoshi turned the project over to thinks about Bitcoin Cash.
Thank you for taking the time to reply in a manner that hopefully can let everyone figure things out.
12 years living in Japan sure helped a lot.
It seems there are lots of jerks replying in the comments on twitter.

Did BitClub intend to support SegWit or were they only doing it because of James Hillard?

I've lobbied the the owners of Bitclub Network to switch to BU. They told me that what I was saying about network capacity made sense to them, but they are going to follow the advice of Yoshi and James at Bitmain Warranty, so I needed to convince them.  I've tried to convince Yoshi and James as well,  but without success.  To Yoshi's credit he does seem very upset about the censorship that has been going on.  James previously told myself and Erik Voorhees that he doesn't even have a wallet on his phone, and he thinks that people using phone wallets don't count as Bitcoin users because they aren't validating all transactions on the network.  If the Bitclub network guys are reading this,  I'd be happy to manage your pool for you for FREE.  I won't even do any malleability attacks on the network either.
Numerous people and companies have been working on this for a few days.  The images above were shared in confidence with a few people, and someone broke that trust. The complete list and website will be up soon, and everyone will be able to sign. 
That is my guess too.   He blocked me,  but I don't know the reason.

You should never post someones information, regardless of the source you got it from.

We disagree on this point,  and it has absolutely nothing to do with Bitcoin.

can you elaborate on the May 2nd/May 4th tweets?

There is no contradiction here at all.  Layer two solutions have more risk than layer one, but that doesn't mean than we should never use layer two solutions.  We should just be aware of the additional risk. Bitcoin Cash supports scaling on both layers.  Bitcoin Core only supports scaling on the riskier layer two that requires counter party risk.

there is no reason why you shouldn't sell you BTC for BCH anyway. 

I agree,  and it is nobody's business what I do with my own money. I'm sorry if anyone felt misled. 

My understanding is that BCH is quicker currently, however not by much

That just shows that you are new to BTC/BCH, or never actually tried using them. Here is some data showing BTC's average confirmation time is currently greater than 24 hours. BCH's average confirmation time is about 10 minutes.
I also agree.
People would be willing to pay $100 for a glass of water too if they didn't have any other options.  Just like with Bitcoin,  we have lots of options that don't cost $100.
The video says that after being held in custody for 1 year,  he is out on ~ $100K bail.  For the bail conditions,  he isn't allowed to leave Japan.  The prosecutors are accusing him of embezzling ~$3.4M 
Don't forget there is also the http://www.truthcoin.info/ project that was the origin of Augur.  If either one of these teams succeed, the whole world wins!
The fact that this video has 50% down votes shows the manipulation is in full force.
Source
I'm happy to redirect this portion of our page to someone who has the service ready now.  Who should we redirect this page to?  Coinbase?  Bitstamp, someone else?
Sorry our partner has let us down, which means we have let you down....
What is the world coming to?  I'm agreeing with Cobra.....
This is an example of why Bitcoin Cash will have more market share and a higher market cap than Bitcoin Core soon.
That's why I don't post there any more.
If we can get it ready in time, maybe we will allow our individual users to select which chain they mine on as well.
I just invited the Core Slack channel to vote on the issue.  Let's see if they actually have any Bitcoin.  We know Tone only uses Bitcoin about once per week,  and Johnny from Blockstream only uses Bitcoin about once per month. 
Done
As I was reading this comment, I thought to myself “what a bunch of crap”. Then I saw who posted it. 
When can we expect the new 300KB block size limit for BTC?
The tweet they were both replying to: https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/1081193222141956096?s=21
Bitcoin.com will match all donations made in the next 24 hours,  so your donation today has twice the effect!
He says it at 2195 seconds in.
If this isn't bullish for alts and bearish for BTC, I don't know what is.
Will look into doing that ASAP as well.
I’m not sure how many of you are old enough fans of MMA to appreciate this, but it’s KAZUSHI SAKURABA!!!!!!
My favorite part was when Juan was trying to claim there isn't much censorship on /r/Bitcoin,  and then our live stream of the debate was censored from /r/ Bitcoin in real time.
So frustrating to see them playing so dirty.
I've never owned the @Bitcoin account.  It is (was until yesterday) owned by someone involved in Bitcoin since 2009.  He supports BCH, and is well known in the Bitcoin ecosystem, but doesn't want to have to deal with the same trolling that I am, so he chooses not to make his ownership public.
It is interesting that you only bothered to pay me back when I asked you publicly, but you ignored the numerous requests via email.  https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/891059229632614400
Was Greg not paying any attention the first 7.5 years of Bitcoin?  The blocks were never full and adoption grew like crazy.
This is a sad, but very relevant question.
A major hydro power plant in china is temporarily off line.  Unfortunately that power plant was supplying the power for a lot of the BU hash rate.  It should be back online shortly.
In reality,  there are still lots of bugs to fix,  and we have had several outages over the last week,  but the last 24 hours was very strong.  Lots more work needs to be done,  but lots of good things are on the way.  Bitcoin scaling, here we come!
Great work! The importance of getting rid of transaction malleability should not be underestimated! 
I’m in love with the fact that the BCH community actually allows these conversations take place.
The thing Luke and other Core supporters failed to notice was that the actual slide in question has a direct link citing the source!
I'm opposed to anyone trying to use patents to exclude their competitors in the market.  (Including CSW)
Patents slow the pace of advancement of all of human kind. 
What kind of person goes and posts on 8 year old non bitcoin related videos with Bitcoin related insults?
Adding that feature is one of our top priorities!
Thank you for the constructive criticism. We will take this into consideration for future updates.
Bitcoin is a proof of work system,  not a proof of sock puppet system as the UASF supporters would like you to believe. 
I was never an investor in Mtgox in any way.  Adam,  now that you have been informed of the truth,  feel free to retract your mistaken post.  /u/adam3us
This is a prime example of why SMS based 2FA isn't much better than having no 2FA at all.  To whatever hackers are targeting people who are already dealing with so much trouble and heartache in their lives,  I hope you burn in hell. 
Exactly.
I tend to agree with this too.  It's why I'm not sitting on a beach with a martini each day.
Patents are an illegitimate government granted monopoly.
I'm not sure how I can be any clearer than that.
More and more businesses are migrating away from BTC and to BCH.
Not sure yet.  I'm not sure why anyone would go in the other direction anyhow...
\r\Bitcoin censoring, lying, deceiving, and twisting the truth is par for the course. 
Thanks!  We have a big new update coming soon!
I'm not sure what part of the logic you don't follow but I'm happy to expand.  When things cost more,  people will use less of it and seek substitutes.  When Bitcoin never had full blocks,  the fees were cheap and the transactions were reliable.  As soon as the blocks became full the transactions became expensive and unreliable so people started to use altcoins as a replacement for Bitcoin.  If those people had continued to use cheap reliable Bitcoin with bigger blocks, the price would already be well over $10,000 because of it.
Due to the full blocks the BTC transaction for his meds never got confirmed, so he ran out....
Let's ask /u/jratcliff63367 why it was removed.  Why was it?  We will also need some additional moderators since BitcoinXio is doing 99% of the work at the moment.  Any ideas on who has the time to help out?
Central planners at work.
This.
Another great video that will be censored from /r/Bitcoin because you can't question their authority.
I just found out about this video today like everyone else.
Notice the bitcoin cash logo on the TV behind him.
After this went public, multiple other people emailed me privately saying Charlie owed them money too.   It also seems plenty of other people have called him out publicly as well: https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/6q6zmm/roger_ver_on_twitter_charlieshrem_how_does_it/
yup.
Don't forget that Alex Petrov's previous full time job was working for Interpol.
I'd be stunned if Eric's company Ciphrex does even $100K per year in sales.  Bitmain likely does that much every single day of the week.  I don't think anyone should be taking business advice from Eric over Jihan.
I think the biggest mistake I ever made in /r/BTC was naïvely believing that BTCDrak wanted to "help" us.
It is disgusting to see him treat Gavin like that after Gavin poured his life and soul into improving Bitcoin for the last 7 years.
Strong Privacy is coming to the Bitcoin.com wallet soon too.
Thank you for all your amazing content Rick!
Get your Bitcoin Cash Wallet today.
I'm reposting the same link, but with a catchy title to show people how important titles are when submitting to reddit.   And there is a $70,000,000 USD buy wall for BCH!  https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7d9lbu/the_great_wall_of_bch/
One thing I can guarantee won't happen is that Core supporters admit that they were wrong.
This is an interesting and strong argument.
I was inspired to make the above post because I just paid $125 in fees to move 20 Bitcoin in a single transaction.  This is a common fee level for any business using Bitcoin.
We will miss you, and you are welcome back any time!
At 32:30 he says "I don't think (high) transaction fees harm Bitcoin in any way"  and then goes on to list all the ways it harms Bitcoin.
And remember,  our wallet is open source too! 
Thanks for having the courage to question the prevailing “wisdom”
I would never trust millions of dollars of Bitcoin to pre-alpha grade software being promoted by the other side of the bet. That would be retarded. 
Bingo!
We are already testing it with some of our own hash rate.
We will.  The formal announcement is coming soon.
I wasn't there in person, but my understanding is that the 2 MB hard fork must come first.  Segwit only activates if it gets 80% hash rate support. (2MB also requires 80% of the hash rate)
And Bram Cohen to Brian Armstrong on Twitter.
So sad to see the lies that the other side is gladly willing to resort to.....
Adam,  you are telling lies about me again.  I've paid no one to put BU in the coin base string.  To the best of my knowledge everyone is running BU because they realize that Core's intentional full block policy is destroying Bitcoin's usefulness as money, and will cause Bitcoin to become the Myspace of crypto currencies if it is allowed to persist.  BU may have had some software bugs,  but yourself, and many of the other Core devs have no idea why Bitcoin became money in the first place, and your understanding of Bitcoin's economic code is nearly non existent. 
You already have public statements from: Bitmain/Antpool
BitFury
BW.COM
HAOBTC.com
KnCMiner
Genesis Mining
Avalon Miner
Just check:  https://bitcoinclassic.com/
Gavin's thread has started:  https://forum.bitcoin.com/ama-ask-me-anything-f69/i-m-gavin-andresen-bitcoin-geek-ask-me-anything-t1990.html
Never a boring day..... /u/Jimbtc,  what is your explanation?
He never believed to begin with. 
Another good example

Since nobody is actually SPENDING Bitcoin in any significant way

I disagree with this point strongly.  I and many other people around the world are using Bitcoin for commerce.  Just earlier today I paid over $600 in fees for a single transaction on the Bitcoin network to pay a single entity for Bitcoin.com.  I can't wait to be able to move more of my business over to a currency that doesn't cost $600 in fees to make a single payment.  Right now Bitcoin Cash is at the top of that list. 
Thanks guys!  Samson has now publicly accepted.  I sent him a DM to set the exact time and place.  I told him I'm available any time while he is here,  so the ball is in his court.
Sadly that sounds about how the place is now.  I remember back in 2011 and 2012 when it was such a wonderful place. 
If you have ever bought something from me at memorydealers.com, Bitcoinstore.com, or Bitcoin.com I'd love a positive feedback rating over at Bitcointalk.org.   I think it is really inappropriate for the staff members there to leave negative feedback for someone they have never done any business with solely for their stance on the block size debate.
ViaBTC has made Bitcoin exciting again!
We also would love some additional help form someone experienced in this area.
Thank you.  I know it!
Still evaluating.
Thank you too,  but please be sure to continue thinking for yourself.  I think it is because most of us are thinking for ourselves that we are here.
Thank you guys!
To not know just how often transactions get stuck due to the 1MB limit, Alan must not use Bitcoin very often.
Is Edward Snowden moving further down the road towards voluntaryism?
One copy of the letter was forwarded to me in advance and Samson Mow was the one sending it.
You got it!
It really felt like we were about to change the world.  
Now it feels like our entire movement has been stolen away from us by poisonous people. 
So this means that a single 3.3MB block could clear out 100% of the current transaction backlog.  But....... decentralization!!!
I wish you would make even 10% as big a fuss about the proactive censoring of content going on at \r\Bitcoin.  Instead,  you openly support the censorship there, and then wonder why people don't take you seriously here.  
Fantastic post.  It's debatable which is worse,  this,  or MTGOX,  but they are in the same league. 
Thank you Jonald!
Here is the additional information from google:  https://support.google.com/a/answer/9007870 
Direct link to LivenPay's press release: https://medium.com/livenpay/roger-ver-ceo-of-bitcoin-com-confirmed-as-official-advisor-to-livenpay-253dff8b4a5a
The Bitcoin,com channel hardly lost any subscribers at all, but we’d love more! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCetxkZolEBHX47BqtZktbkg
If you are in London, be sure to stop by!
Upvoted because Jonald always writes great stuff.
Mike's source
I'll see about sending them some.
Because it would.
I was the first person in the world to start investing in Bitcoin startups.  Bitcoin Core is no longer the Bitcoin that got me so excited by what was described on the original Bitcoin.org  website or in the Satoshi White paper. 
Bitcoin Cash is that Bitcoin.
I've been considering that option as well.  It is a very bold and risky strategy for myself though.  I've been talking with two other very large holding friends about a joint effort.  For now we need to wait for the mining profitability to become similar, and for the pools to make it easy to switch between both versions of Bitcoin.
Actually you can start right now.  Just point your miners to:  stratum+tcp://stratum.bcc.pool.bitcoin.com:3333
This is thanks in large part to our 120% block reward,  and our new Cloud Mining offering that sold more than $1M USD worth of contracts this week alone.
There is no reason today unless you don't understand Bitcoin, or intentionally want to hinder Bitcoin's adoption. 
But Johnny of Blockstream already told me that Bitcoin is guaranteed to be the winner in the end. He must know, because he doesn't have a wallet on his phone and uses Bitcoin a few times per year. How could this happen?! /s
For the record,  I've never hired a social media company to do any type of astro turfing ever.  It seems Alan is incapable of conceiving that maybe there is a large percentage of the community that doesn't agree with Core's road map.  I won't hold my breath waiting for his apology though.  For those that missed it,  his other recent lies are archived here.
We had some problems a few weeks ago when we started to ramp things up.  We got up to about 4% of the global hash rate on our pool,  but then the pool backend software would crash. Around Jan 1st, we decided to scrap the old backend and start using a different one.  So far things are going very well and you will see us start to ramp things back up this month and hopefully open for the public soon after that.  I'm very sorry and embarrassed that this has taken so long. The good news is that I think we will have the best mining pool in the world once we launch.   You can follow the progress and see various screen shots in these threads:
Thread that got things started
Official Thread
I just submitted this one also,  but it has already been removed. 
Nice job avoiding any mention of the censorship that you are busy engaging in. 
I've asked for the OKcoin lawyer's contact details a half dozen times in writing.  He still has not provided it.  I'm starting to agree that  this person doesn't exist,  or isn't a real lawyer. 
This is why I’m so bullish on Bitcoin Cash.
I don’t know what all the complaining is about.  SV lost the hash war because they have less hash than ABC.
I've notified the wallet team.  Hopefully they will have this fixed in the next release.
Here he is calling Bitcoin.com a scam when he scammed his way into the conference without a ticket.
It's both.
Great news!  I'm looking forward to EARNing BCH. 
I have no idea why the connection with Alex Jones was so poor.
It sure looks like that to me.  The way he weasels out of even a 250BTC bet with Olivier shows what sort of a manipulator he is. 
I was actually motivated to write the above after seeing Charlie Shrem's recent tweet.  It seems he didn't spend enough time studying economics while he was in prison.
CEO of Blockchain.info chiming in as well: https://twitter.com/OneMorePeter/status/702585011610849280
It wasn't me. (Roger Ver)
Says the person with a user ID of 897w346354365fdddfs who has been on reddit less than 60 days. Hmm....
​
Thats what they want you to believe.....
I'll provide some more information on this tomorrow when I record the next installment of the weekly news.  If you are in Japan, it is a big one!
Jimmy unilaterally decided the format and tried to present it as if we had both agreed to it.
It will be online soon.  Charlie did a million times better than Samson, but that isn’t saying much.
I already notified them to fix that.
Interesting point.    They seem to intentionally be damaging the user experience people associate with Bitcoin.
Coinbase isn't a bitcoin wallet.  Coinbase is a bitcoin bank.
The fact that you are welcome to come and post here, and actually get up voted for a reasonable post, while most of this community has already been banned from r/Bitcoin says a lot.
I'm pestering the guy I assigned to it every week for the update. (If he doesn't have some results very soon,  he will be looking for a new job.)  Results count.
If your help is good enough,  it could very likely lead to a full time position too. 
The top moderator spot for /r/BTC was given to me 100% for free by someone else who shares Satoshi's vision. 
Looks like someone beat me to it!
All the more reason we should fork away from such toxic and immoral people. 
For the record,  the only people I have ever blocked on twitter are ones who consistently don't add to the conversation,  and only engage in personal attacks like "You're stupid" or "Shut Up".
Fantastic summary!
/u/theymos strikes again.  
50% coming soon!
From the same guy who honestly believes the Pope isn't Catholic....
As we learned from the recent debates at Anarchapulco,  most of them don't even have Bitcoin wallets on their phones.
How can anyone think that intentionally creating full blocks and network congestion is good for bitcoin adoption? The madness needs to end now!
Other than having donated over $200K to FreeRoss.org,  I have nothing to do with securing their Bitcoin addresses.  What have you done to help promote human freedom Greg?
I'm looking forward to opening it to the public as soon as we improve a few more things, and add a few more features. email pool@bitcoin.com if you would like an invite and are willing to tolerate a few bugs still. 
To be clear,  our free speech party is not taking place at Scaling Bitcoin Milan,  and is not associated with Scaling Bitcoin Milan in any way.  It does happen to be conveniently located and timed so that people like myself, who are attending Scaling Bitcoin Milan, will also easily be able to attend the Free Speech Party without any conflict. 
It's very very very frustrating to see something I care about so much be stalled from within.  Luckily I think the Bitcoin.com mining pool is about to make a big big difference in this debate.
The entire site is open source at https://github.com/bitcoin-portal/bitcoin-portal-content
If you don't like it,  submit a pull request. 
Will do.
More and more businesses are making the move to accepting cash.  Bitcoin Cash.
Great work Jonald.  Bitcoin (BCH) is lucky to have you.
Ed,  you are always welcome at our BCH meetups.  The turnouts are always great too!
The down vote bots seem to be out in force for this post. Currently only 47% upvoted. No one can believe that 53% of this community wouldn't like the spirit of those words.
Exactly!  And then they refused to let the other party (me) even use the microphone to explain that was what was going on.
If you don’t understand that babies are literally dying due to a lack of economic freedom, then you aren’t paying attention.
This is a real email I received last night.
Thanks for staying true to yourself.
Interesting suggestion.  We likely wouldn’t even need to charge for this.
That accusation was what pushed me over the edge.  It drives me nuts because it is 100% completely false. 
And I set him up with a Bitcoin Cash wallet too.  We will all be able to tip him in Bitcoin Cash by the time the episode ends. 
It would be interesting if someone could do some chain analysis to figure out who the owner of Loaded's bitcoins actually was.  My guess is that a rogue employee signed the message without the true owner's permission to do so. 
It is a minor tweak to an existing wallet open source wallet that has been around for years. If anything $10K is super generous for the amount of work involved.   Go spread your FUD somewhere else. 
Bitcoin doesn't scale Infinitely on chain, but in can scale to be much much bigger than it is today while those layer two solutions are created.  
I agree with the ASICBOOST inventor. It's a non-issue,  but many Core supporters are trying to use it as a political tool. 
Not yet....
I have the same fear on my face as the gingerbread man.   It hurts so bad.....
For the record, the way I found out I was blocked was that I saw a link to his very accurate tweet about gold mining.  I clicked to like it, and I found out I had been blocked.
We've had serious reliability issues that haven't been solved despite months of work.  A few days ago I hired a completely separate team to solve them.  Hopefully that means we will be ready for the public soon.
Are you really that retarded?
I own more bitcoins than just about anyone on the planet, and own Bitcoin.com.  Of course I want Bitcoin to be the best, and most widely used currency in the world.  I don't know why idiot savants like yourself seem to think that I would have any motivation to do anything other than to help Bitcoin as much as I can. If Bitcoin doesn't address its scalability and privacy issues soon, another currency is likely to take the top spot.  As such a large holder of Bitcoin,  that's why I'm so concerned. 
People who resort to ad hominem attacks rather than addressing the issues are pathetic. 
For those that don't know,  this is an app that lets you receive BCH payments via any Android device,  but the funds are sent directly to the wallet or exchange address provided in the settings.  Only the user who knows the pin code can change the payout address.  This allows any merchant to accept BCH payments,  but not need to worry about the person using the register stealing or losing the funds.  No private keys are ever touched by this app.
Was it the part about peer to peer electronic cash?  Because that is BCH.  BTC has no white paper.
It's bigger than MtGox, OneCoin, and Bitconnect.
⚡BTC 300KB UASF⚡
​
too bad /r/Bitcoin is completely controlled and censored.
I’m also disappointed by the delay.
Building a peer to peer electronic cash system for the world.  We have more devs than anything else.
It will be less than 18 months.   There are lots of upgrades in the works, and shuffle is just one of them.
I was thinking the exact same thing when watching this video. 
BCH works today. LN might possibly work some time in the future.
And now I've edited my post above from 1295 to 2195.  Double scammer!
I tried discussing it with Jimmy before the debate actually started, and he nearly had a panic attack when I told him I didn't agree to the debate terms he was proposing.  He was clearly the one shouting at me and I had to tell him to calm down multiple times.  Luckily we got the whole thing on video and it will be out soon.
I can see why this was one of the most popular posts of all time in /r/BTC
That is because most of the core supporters aren't even remotely libertarian.
After spending 7 months with Craig, the author still thinks Craig is Satoshi.
Thanks for the fantastic blog post and chart!
$100 u/tippr
I don't know.  I initially told them that I might be able to attend so they added me to the website.  Now it turns out it wont fit my schedule. 
anyone who hasn't received theirs yet, email me at roger@bitcoin.com and I will personally see to it that your swag is shipped out.
Yes!  I was trying to find the link to your comment to give you credit after I posted the above,  but couldn't find it again.   I think the above thread should have been left.
As time permits we will be converting more and more of the images, charts and tools to BCH.
Yes.  I mine whichever version of Bitcoin is most profitable and then convert them into Bitcoin Cash because it is the most useful version.
I don't take business advice from anonymous strangers on the internet.
And where they all decided to start implying that I'm mentally ill too.
Plus a public denial from the accused. 
I challenge /r/Bitcoin to post their logs so we can see what is going on over there. Here is one example I do have: https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/638892910142861313
Here is a partial accounting list for anyone who is skeptical:  http://i.imgur.com/TpRrn4L.jpg
This is super interesting.  I wonder if CSW will be complaining about this like he was for the mere potential of illegal things on BCH.
It is stunning to me how they claim they want high fees, and then cheer when the fees are low.
Upon further checking I've been spoiled by some volume discounts for my own accounts,  but CoineEx certainly does have fees,  so it seems their data should be included.  (Thanks for setting me straight)
How about instead of trolling on Reddit, you fix the fees in your hardware wallet for BCH?
Yes,  and so do I.
Host asks Tone, "What the hell is wrong with you?!!!"
Bingo!
None of this has anything to do with Bitcoin Cash or even crypto currencies in general. 
Supposedly China is going to ban Bitcoin exchanges too.
I see a Bitcoin.com team member on the right in this photo.
I bought thousands of BCC with my BTC so far,  how about you?
It would have been Bitcoin if not for the full block policy of Blockstream.
Actually I would,  and here is why:  

If people are wondering why on earth we would be willing to sell something that will likely make a substantial amount of money when we could just keep it ourselves, the answer is simple.
Even at the current listed price, we make a slight profit on each sale.
By selling the lifetime contract now, we can immediately recoup the majority of what the equipment would mine in the next few years.
We can then take that revenue and immediately use it to buy additional equipment, and sell the lifetime contracts for that hash rate too.
If we can sell $1M worth of contracts per week, in ten weeks, we will have ~ $10M worth of mining hardware on our pool, but only had to layout $1M worth of capital ourselves. If I didn't sell the lifetime contracts, we would need $10M worth of our own capital to have $10M worth of mining power on our pool. In short, selling the contracts at a discount of what they will actually earn allows us to leverage our working capital to grow much much faster than we would be able to otherwise. 
At the moment our lifetime plan is priced the most aggressively.
Users will likely see a positive return on both the BTC and fiat side of their investment.

We speak often with many of the other pool operators.  I'm not aware of any of them signaling BU who aren't currently running BU.
I'm not mentally ill.  Did you know it is rude to ask someone such a question when they obviously are not?
If they aren't on sale yet,  I'm sure they will be soon, and in a few more years they will cost $100 each.  
I think they will come around soon.  I think they want to follow rather than lead.  Once Bitcoin.com, VIABTC, Slush, etc, have a combined 25%- 30%, I think we can expect others to join quickly.
I wish I had an answer for you.  I don't know. I hope he will soon, and suspect he will if we can get enough traction first.  I think he wants to follow rather than lead when it comes to mining unlimited blocks.
I believe the rate limiting is a Reddit wide imposed limit, and applies to everyone equally.  I just scanned through the ban list, and don't see anyone by the name of anduck as banned.  I've personally never banned a single person from /r/BTC, and I never will so long as they are discussing the issues.  This subreddit wouldn't even exist if it wasn't for the anti-free-speech policies imposed by Theymos on \r\Bitcoin.  I think it would be good use of your time to start a thread there discussing this very issue and seeing if we can heal the divide. 
The smart money is.
That sounds a lot like something their new advisor would tell them.

I only ever worked for the prosecution. Silk Road was poison to me.

I wonder how it feels for him to be teamed up with someone who was on the FBI's 10 most wanted list.
​
If you are in Tokyo, be sure to visit the Two Dogs Taproom in Roppongi to spend your BCH!
It’s the Two Dogs taproom.  I don’t know the date of the photo.
So great to see other entrepreneurs realizing this as well.
I'm surprised this doesn't have more upvotes.  Thanks for posting it!
Bobby once told me that they don't talk about Bitcoin Cash at family gatherings.
Just use tabs.
You mean people like me, and so many other earlier adopters who have been involved since Bitcoin was less than $1 each?  I support BCH because it is the same Bitcoin I got involved with back in 2011.
This is just another example of why we shouldn't believe something just because it is published somewhere.  I'm very disappointed with their misleading title.
I’d be happy to.  Roger@ bitcoin.com
I contacted CZ about it,  and he said that it isn't something that they can change easily at all,  otherwise they would.  I will mention it to him again the next time I see him.
He is a Bitcoiner since 2009.  I sent him a message,  but he is on the other side of the earth, so I likely won't hear back until the morning my time.
Several dozen Japanese traveled from all over Japan for the Bitcoin Cash meetup last week.  One of them just sent me this video where they all state the obvious.  Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.
Because like any business,  they received payments from 20 customers.  (This was a demo of what it is like to run a business)
We are working hard and fast on our BCH faucet and hope to have it ready ASAP!  We even have plans to allow people to use the faucet from directly inside the wallet.
Because the value of all versions of Bitcoin is likely to fluctuate a lot over the next few days.  Of course the bounty will be paid in a version of Bitcoin.  
I'd also like to point out that greater than 95% of my crypto coin holdings are in bitcoin, and Bitcoin.com is likely worth more bitcoin than all the bitcoins owned by Adam, Greg, BTCDrak, Whale Panda, and the other Dragon's Den trolls combined.
BU is still PRODUCING more blocks than any other client. 
In the second half I think it really heats up.
I think he was being sarcastic and pointing out the hypocrisy of the \r\Bitcoin supporters coming here and complaining about our mod logs.
If Bitcoin is to succeed,  as many transactions should be on chain as possible. 
But Japanese drinking themselves stupid stupid every night is totally fine.
This just proves that the most violent people on the Silk Road were the government agents themselves. 
People sell me $25,000 worth of stuff for Bitcoin on a regular basis.  (used cisco equipment)
He must of missed the point that LN doesn't work for trustless payments  less than the fee amount,  and doesn't work for large payments either.
Lots of people new to the space may not be aware of this.  I'd love to hear /u/adaum3us comment as well.
Of course I will.
His entire goal was to push my buttons using name calling and lies.  He clearly succeeded in making me angry, but he didn’t make any actual arguments against Bitcoin Cash.
Your comment is so false on every level that I'm hardly even sure where to begin but: 
I'm not trying to censor anyone but an obvious scam.  
I didn't divide the BTC community,  Theymos did when his actual censorship began. 
I made a short video on this exact topic recently.  I'd love to see someone who disagrees make a rebuttal clearly explaining why they think my analysis is wrong.
More great insight from jonald_fyookball.
People should read his other articles too.
Welcome to the group that promotes free thinking.   As you can see here,  the effects of the censorship on you were very real.
Should be fixed across the world now.
Unlike /r/Bitcoin,  we don't censor around here.  Even for people telling lies like yourself. 
Whoever that person is also blocked me on twitter so I can't even reply to his lie directly. 
I accidentally submitted this to \r\Bitcoin as well.  I'll be shocked if they allow it to stay.

I have nothing to do with the doxing of you or your family.

Is that a strong enough denial for you?  I have no idea who you are, and I don't care.
Because Samson Mow is bad news for the entire Bitcoin community and should be fired from BTCC for his actions on social media.  Myself, and many other CEOs have told Bobby Lee this privately.  It is baffling that Bobby would let such a person be the public face of his company.  He is a true disgrace to the entire Bitcoin ecosystem. 
Every single law is a threat of violence.  If you don't comply, people calling themselves government will use violence against you to force you to comply. Here is a great example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGMQZEIXBMs
I bought some ether at about $10 because I knew that Bitcoin not being allowed to scale quickly enough would force businesses to seek alternatives.  It is what any smart investor would do.  With the announcement from Coinbase today we can see that my complaints towards the slow scaling camp were exactly right. 
One very important point I think he missed about BitcoinXT, Unlimited, and Classic is the blatant CENSORSHIP undertaken and supported by the small block side.  BitcoinXT was allowed to be discussed freely on the main forums until the moment it started to gain traction. A strong argument can be made that BitcoinXT would have been successful if the opposing side hadn't resorted to banning discussion of it. 
All of the people on your list are gladly welcomed.
I previously reached out to 4 separate members of Blockstream.  thebluematt said he was too busy,  the other three didn't bother to reply at all.   Everyone on your list is more than welcome to join!
Antiwar has told me directly that they are keeping their funds in BTC,  and prefer BTC to USD.    They will be making BTC a core feature of their future Antiwar efforts.
I already sold the vast vast majority.  The only ones I have left are in various small wallets I didn’t get around to accessing yet.  Bitcoin.com has no plans to integrate BSV in any way.
Coming from the BTC chain whenever we need it.
I'm not sure how to feel about this.   I can't wait to put the Nov 15th uncertainty behind us so we can all start building again.
The reason for DSV is that it acts as replay protection so every Bitcoin.com user will still have access to both their BCH and BSV (or whatever tickers) and no one will lose anything.   The alternative is a mess where Bitcoin.com users can't control both coins separately.
Rick's videos are great!  We should all do our part to share them on our own social media.
Me too
Uh,  thank you?
This guy was with Samson when I had the debate with him in Seoul.  He was clearly Samson's handler at the event.
I just checked my source again.  650 brand new air conditioned BCH jeepneys are coming!  $20M USD worth.
It’s not the white paper that we worship.  It is the 8 years of empirical evidence that onchain scaling with cheap, fast, reliable transactions led to Bitcoin becoming a world wide phenomenon.  BTC has intentionally turned its back on the things that made it successful to begin with, and we have 2 years of empirical evidence to show that BTC’s new formula is detrimental to its growth. Empirical evidence matters. The white paper just happens to reflect what the empirical evidence shows.
The entire event including the club rental, models, food, everything, was all paid in BCH.
We will have another update to the app this coming week with lots of bug fixes and then we will start working on adding more features.  A privacy tool is near the top of our list.
And somehow I convinced them to put a prepared picture of me on the projector screen,  let me give a speech about Bitcoin Cash,  and then have me spend nearly an hour taking photos with all the people lined up to do so.  In reality,  the event organizers are firm supporters of Bitcoin Cash.
This is needed for sure.
I was going through some old files and found that slide from a presentation I gave back in 2014.
Wow,  what a bunch of state worshiping socialists.  They openly say they don't support the free market,  and want a "fair market" instead.  Bypassing these kinds of central planners was the exact reason Bitcoin was created. 
I hope you are right, but there was once a time we felt this way in the Bitcoin community too.
I'd like to hear more arguments on both sides of this debate.
Actually we can make zero confirmation transactions safe again.  Blockstream undermined that aspect of Bitcoin too.

"keeping the limit low in time of Bitcoin expansion limits the economy of blockchain and it may be dangerous for bitcoin adoption rate." - Slush

Yes, we will be opening today.  It is 4:48AM in Tokyo now,  we will open in about 5 hours from now.
If you want to signup now and start switching your miners,  you can do it now at: https://pool.bitcoin.com/new/  (That will become the front page as soon as people are in the office today) 
Thank you.  We should all try to work together on the things we do agree on.
This was much funnier than I was expecting.  Nicely done!
Fantastic post!  Where can we tip you?
A bit of both. 
Our pool hasn't launched yet, so you calling it "broken" would be just as accurate as me calling Segwit or lightning "broken".  None of those things have launched yet, so it isn't fair to call any of them broken.
There is a high chance that will be the case. They don't care about people who are actually using Bitcoin for commerce at all. 
Bitcoin previously had all the properties that made it the best form of money the world had ever seen. Due to intentional policies of the current Core dev team network congestion, high fees, and double spending risk are destroying Bitcoin's usefulness as money, making alt coins more and more attractive. 
Sure.  Everyone is welcome for a Bitcoin BBQ the following day: http://www.meetup.com/Silicon-Valley-Bitcoin-Users/events/233010800/
I hope this is just ignorance on Samson's part, but implying that Gavin should quit the whole project just seems way over the top.
Background:  Ingram Micro is the worlds largest electronics distributor. They drop ship all the products for www.bitcoinstore.com  We pay them in USD, on time, for everything. Recently they seem to be implying that bitcoin isn't real money so our P&L statements for our credit line don't count.  Please let them know what you think on Twitter!  https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/428855340923232256
Drug laws destroy far far more lives than drugs.
Nope.  Ours is much much better. We never even have access to the user’s wallet. It’s completely non custodial on our part.
Hypocrisy 
We are still formulating our course of action.
Sounds like you didn't even watch the video. Rick used reason, evidence and logic as to why Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin. All you did was make an assertion.
BTC transactions aren’t cheap, and your transactions are often blocked by a full memory pool.  On top of that, the BTC developers are openly hostile to the idea of using it as cash.
We are working on that one too.
Because there aren't any strong actual arguments against Bitcoin Cash.
I'm glad to hear it.  That is why I keep doing these interviews / debates / talks.
I think 7:40AM EST.
$600 is double the BCH price of just a few weeks ago.
I was referring to the real Bitcoin.  Bitcoin Cash.
Source: https://forum.bitcoin.com/post94705.html#p94705
And look at what a liar he is about even having a public discussion of the issues: https://forum.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-discussion/roger-ver-vs-samson-mow-debate-thread-t23081.html
Interesting just how many upvotes this troll posting instantly had. Manipulation much?
That option will be live on the site shortly.
I think this very well may be true.   They seem to have talking points that they all stick to too.  Recently one of their talking points has been that I'm mentally ill and need help. 
Glad to be back!
I'm involved for the same reasons today.  Limiting Bitcoin's on chain scaling is limiting Bitcoin's ability to undermine government's ability to wage war. 
I think it was genuine support from people who caree about bitcoin from the earliest days like myself, Mike Hearn, Gavin Andresen, and others. 
Thank you for your efforts Greg.  If you doubt I donated over $1M to FEE, here is their own press release: https://fee.org/resources/roger-ver-gives-fee-highest-valued-known-bitcoin-donation-worth-about-1-million/
Publicly doubting that I actually made it makes you look like a jerk.
Dark political games like the rampant censorship of r\Bitcoin
I'd like to clarify that I think the "bait and switch" is the current Core team's switch from the P2P digital cash plan as outlined in the Satoshi White Paper, to morphing Bitcoin into just a settlement layer. 
How about you take this opportunity to come out forcefully in opposition to the policies of Theymos on r\Bitcoin?
Nezumi means rat in Japanese.
I was preemptively banned before having made even a single post there.  No wonder the Core Maximalists have an affinity for BSV.  
There is a lot more coming.  
Statists are going to state....
I would need to read more about the situation in order to have an informed opinion. 
I was hoping that someone can check to see if it is actually true.
We didn't notice that the photo still had BTC in it until about 20 minutes ago.  Updated BCH graphics will be live on the site tomorrow.
I'll be there along with many many others!
And remember,  Blockstream was funded by the traditional banks.
Basically he came in here,  was super nice to me and pretended like he wanted to help,  once I gave him mod status he went crazy censoring things like they do in /r/Bitcoin
It is an old image from the app.... The newest version uses BCH
We will be adding a BCC faucet to Bitcoin.com soon.
We have already submitted it to Apple for approval. 
The Core censorship brigade seems to hate competition. 
Bitcoin transactions were safe enough.  Just because you say I'm a liar doesn't make it true.  
It is also sad to see that Erik is posting almost exclusively in the censored /r/Bitcoin
Adam, you have driven much of the wider tech community to abandon Bitcoin for Ethereum due to your group's hostility to anyone with opposing ideas.  Joseph Poon, inventor of the Lightning Network is the latest example of people leaving Bitcoin because of people like you.
Bitcoin Core's roadmap has already Materially Degraded the Network
With all the censorship going on, and Core ignoring what the vast majority of companies using bitcoin have been asking for,  a strong argument can be made that the hostile takeover of bitcoin already happened and we are just taking it back.
Can we republish your post on news.bitcoin.com?  (Giving you full credit of course!)
We have two big miners that are helping us to test now,  and lots more hash rate promised as soon as we tell the miners that we are ready for it.  You can see from the photo that there are 1357 mining machines connected at the moment!
I sure remember.  I cry myself to sleep over it every night. 
I posted a bit more about what has me so upset here: https://forum.bitcoin.com/topic9553.html
TLDR: I'm just fine with being on the losing side of the scaling debate, but not when it is due to minority opinions being erased from the public discussion platforms.
If you support prompt, on chain scaling,  this is very exciting news!
My lawyer actually told you that the minimum value in the contract was $550,000 but asked you to make an offer in compromise to end the contract early.  Your only offer was $10K while you were already $20K past due on the payments.
By delaying life-saving drugs from the market, the U.S. FDA causes more deaths each year than all the drugs ever sold on the Silk Road.
https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/601413503732162560
The world would be a better place if we just ignored these people who think that their funny costumes give them the authority to command the rest of us.
Of course there are lots of supporters,  but just like Twitter polls,  Reddit polls aren't a good indicator.  Market cap and economic activity happening on a chain are a good indication.
All of them now have the Bitcoin.com wallet and own some Bitcoin Cash.
Great!  Please be sure to add ⚡BTC 300KB UASF⚡ to all your social media profiles.
​
Please send me the contact information for your legal council
​
It is also worth mentioning that Blockstream came onto the scene shortly after the IRS decided that Bitcoin was not Money, but should be treated as a commodity instead.  Blockstream is busy supporting the IRS's position.
Bitcoin.com wallet was not affected. 
He cites the same thing I’m advocating.  A peer to peer electronic cash system.
Coinex is one of the best, if not the best exchanges out there. We are lucky to have them in our ecosystem.
Because they hijacked the entire project, stole the name, and did it all with censorship and ad hominem attacks mocking the people who actually did the work to make Bitcoin popular.
yes
For Purse.io, do you prefer BCH or BTC, and why?
Join the BCH Gang by spending your BCH at the Two Dogs Tap Room in Roppongi.
Satoshi is a G. Respect your elders. RIKIKI!
I don't know,  and this isn't an area where I have an expertise, so I'm happy to continue reading more of the discussion.  I do know that if one side started trying to censor the other, I would find that to be a strong reason to support the group supporting open debate. 
I have a 10 year visa and go to the USA any time I want.  I was just there over the Christmas holidays and attended some public events: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQbYToRKgpM
Source. 
Great point. I guess that means they got absolutely nothing. 
Sure,  let's do it again,  but I need help to spread the word.  Let's do Monday Dec 18th starting at 10AM EST.
You mean the same way I promoted BTC for the first 6 years and it made up basically 100% of my holdings?  Where were you complaining then?
I always loved to give people exactly $1 worth of Bitcoin so they could keep an eye on the value.  They would always become much more interested when the $1 became three or five.  Now I do the same thing with Bitcoin Cash!
At first I was going to strongly disagree,  but after thinking about it a bit more,  you make a strong point.
Bitcoin's current scaling problems are social ones,  not technical ones.
People who resort to censorship also resort to lying..... no surprise here.
You are asking me why I would use bitcoin and pay the market set fee?
I'm saying that I don't know,  but the actual Bitcoin network has higher fees,  easier double spends, and slower confirmations than ever before.  That is a huge problem for the future of Bitcoin.
email pool@bitcoin.com and we can give you an invite now.
It is clearly NOT baseless.   Read this for proof. 
Since it seems you didn't even read the article,  I'll explain it for you.  Core's software is restricting the amount of block space the miners are allowed to produce.  This restricts the amount of money that can be made by producing bitcoin block space, so this reduces the number of people getting involved with bitcoin mining.  If you have fewer people involved with bitcoin mining, then bitcoin mining will be more centralized than it otherwise would have been. Another great example of unintended consequences caused by economic central planing. 
I think everyone understands this,  but it is still fun to look at.
Sorry you weren't able to participate here briefly.  Welcome back!
I specifically contacted Tom Woods first,  but he said he had to decline to deal with some family issues.  Lew Rockwell or Hans Hermann Hoppe would have been great too.
I think a lot of us have.
Try it today!  https://cashshuffle.com/
My spreading peer to peer electronic cash to the world strategies have clearly succeeded. 
Is that a real slide?  
Unfortunately there are lots of people just on the edge of crypto currencies who have been fooled by the censorship and sock puppets. 
Bring it.  roger@bitcoin.com
It has been great.
Too bad the CoinGeek sponsored miner meetings only had about 10% of the participants of the actual meetings happening yesterday and today.
Of course this is a very high priority for us.
Thank you for being a free thinker.
Stripe,  now is your chance!
More gold here.
If it sounded rehearsed it was because I had already been spreading that message for several years at the time this video was filmed back in 2013, and I'm still spreading that same message today.  
I guess we better use Bitcoin Cash!
Just recommend the Bitcoin.com Wallet.  We automatically set the fees very low.
We are busy converting everything over.
For the record I had no idea that yesterday would be the day that Coinbase would launch BCH.  I traded most of my BTC for BCH a while ago. 
Somewhere around 1% so far.... but actually it is none of your business what I do with my own holdings. 
A hint is that it is the same reason Bitcoin Cash was created.
At 59:20 he says he doesn't use Bitcoin or consider himself a real bitcoin user.
This has been on our to do list from day one,  but adding Bitcoin Cash support to our wallet that already has hundreds of thousands of users has taken a higher priority.  After that is done,  we will add Bitcoin Cash Payment support for our cloud mining contracts.
He asked me to do an interview for his youtube channel.  I gave the interview and then he decided not to publish it because he didn't want to "give my ideas additional exposure" or something along those lines.
I'm cautiously optimistic myself.
This is a very interesting set of arguments against Segwit that I hadn't been exposed to before.  Thanks for sharing this!
Actually I'm furious with them for damaging the future potential of the Bitcoin project, and reducing the value of the Bitcoins I hold and the value of Bitcoin.com as well. 
You didn't see the screen shot?
Thanks so much for that!  I hope more and more people will do the same.  I think politics aside,  it is indisputable that Bitcoin.com is more useful than Bitcoin.org at this point.
BU supporters have never been opposed to LN.  We simply say that layer one shouldn't be intentionally restricted in an attempt to force people onto layer two.
Undecided, but keeping an open mind.   I look forward to discussing it this weekend in Milan.
You have been an approved submitter here for 9 months.  How about you go and lobby \r\Bitcoin to add me as an approved submitter there?
Bitcoin Core isn't censored on Bitcoin.com in any way.  Now you are just making things up.  
You should speak out publicly about the poor moderation policies on /r/Bitcoin
For those that don't know,  the co founder has heavily been implicated in the theft of tens of thousands of Bitcoins from his previous company.
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlJkec-CQRM
If you are American, the USA government forced you to pay for the prosecution & imprisonment of Ross Ulbricht for victimless crimes under the threat of going to jail yourself if you refuse to pay.  Show that we are better than them by voluntarily donating to his defense.   https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/619150404345946112
Yes,  and it will be launched very very soon.
Maybe I'm wrong, but my impression is that it is just Calvin.  Please feel free to provide evidence to the contrary. 
Until a week ago I had refrained from commenting on this topic.
The core trolls did this to everyone at bitcoin.com previously as well.
Just wait until you see the video of Jimmy shouting at me before the debate even began. I'm pretty sure we have a copy of it all, and with good sound too.  You can get taste of it here. 
Just like the USD in every bank account.
That makes two of us.
Patents are an illegitimate government granted monopoly enforced through threats of violence. Of course I'm opposed to them.
It seems you didn't watch my video because I addressed that very point.
It’s awfully ironic since the Ledger is also a Trezor clone.
I'd have no problem with the police doing nothing if they didn't continue to force people to pay their salaries.
So true!  Myself included!
As I explained in the video,  the Bitcoin described by Satoshi most closely resembles Bitcoin Cash.
Anarcho Capitalist.  Unfortunately some people calling themselves anarchists like to wear black masks and throw bricks through windows of peaceful businesses that are serving happy customers. That’s why it can be useful to distinguish between an Anarcho-capitalists, and Anarcho-communists, or other flavors of fake anarchists.
Default for everyone.
I'm not misleading anyone.
Working on that one too!  So far we have Chinese and Spanish in addition to English. 
Just look at the top post from today for another example of someone who had been effectively brain washed before he finally was able to hear the truth.
The adoption keeps coming and coming!
The trolls never stop
This will make BCH much easier to use for everyone!
What other features would people like to see added?
These kids received the current equivalent of $32K in donations from strangers around the world:  https://blockchain.info/address/1L1i2UgNfqD7fHFcWXjWtyBhKbDK2oxLwN
I also think the drug war is immoral too. 
yes,  almost ready.
Fun fact: our users have already created more than a quarter of a million wallets!
Download your copy today.
Lots of people joined Bitcoin long after /r/Bitcoin went crazy.  It is important to keep reminding people of the history so we don't allow it to happen to the entire ecosystem in the future.
I think it is amazing how far the entire ecosystem has come in just one year!  It is also a bit sad that Bitcoin was the worst performing asset other than Steem in that time.  There is no doubt in my mind that it was because of the poor user experience caused by the full blocks
Yes, I'm saying that anyone who openly supports censorship should be fired from their roll as Chief Strategy Officer of one of the most well funded Bitcoin companies. 
On another fun note,  it is the same day that pool.bitcoin.com has mined our 1,000th block! 
The dominance is gone....
Feel free to downvote if you don't think this is interesting, and feel free to submit links to things other than Bitcoin.com and upvote those.  Your posts and comments won't be deleted here.
I don't think this requires any sort of legal action.  I suspect someone else just started this false rumor, and Adam was too quick to believe it.
The whole site has been under attack today,  especially the pool.  (Luckily they weren't able to bump a single miner off line.)
We are planning for Monday.
I also think that there is a great deal of upside potential for Bitcoin in the short term, but we need to work on repairing Bitcoin's fundamental attributes so the long term potential can be better too. 
Think again.  Myself, and everyone else were active participants in those other forums until the censorship started. 
I'm hoping very "soon".   Sorry I don't have a more definitive answer for you, although it should certainly be in October. 
Someone else gave them that $500K,  but I'm considering giving them another $500K of my own money.  BTW,  how much of your own money have you invested in Bitcoin startups now?
I hope other wallets will make use of this too.
They have no principles. That’s why they hate Bitcoin Cash while loving BTC and claiming that it’s Bitcoin when they don’t even want it to work as peer to peer electronic cash.
We will look into it.  Thanks!
Try it today: https://wallet.bitcoin.com/
I will do as such.
He is just jealous of Bitmain’s success.
I'm also amazed by this even though it is so simple.
That is exactly what we are doing.
Rick Falkvinge,  the same guy who had the foresight to put his life savings into Bitcoin in March of 2011.  I think we should listen to him and his well reasoned arguments.
I made sure to let Samson know directly.
Imagine that!  Investing in things one actually believes in.
These girls are in their 30’s and did it all on their own.  I found out after the fact.
I sold the vast majority of my BTC.  I hold a nice assortment of crypto CURRENCIES. BTC hardly even qualifies as a currency any longer.
Maybe they will hold some book burnings next.  (I suspect it would be economics books)
Name calling is not an argument.
Because Bitcoin Cash is better money than Bitcoin Core.
Chart Source.
Direct Link to the time in the video.
In order to do lightning payments your node MUST BE ONLINE.  Tone thinks that Blockstream's satellite solves this problem.  How can he have so little understanding of what he is advocating?
(This is in addition to this previous example of Tone being completely clueless about LN)
I’m glad to help!
Their official twitter account was tweeting out a bunch of lies too. 
I never called BCH my personal project.
He did, but only after I asked him publicly after months of asking him privately.  Then blocked me on twitter.  
"Fees Will Rise Because The Block Size Won't."
By his own admission he hardly owns any BTC at all.  Last year he was selling a 1BTC casasius coin st a bitcoin conference because he needed money.
Thanks Ian!
"The bottleneck isn't storage!" they will say.  Well, the same logic applies to bandwidth, CPU processing power,  and price.  The only bottleneck has been the willingness to try.
The extra sad part is that their censorship has been super effective at shaping the public opinion of all the new people to bitcoin.
It isn't a personal attack.  I didn't call them fat, or ugly, or anything of the sort.  I'm trying to point out that the ideas and policies they are advocating lead to Bitcoin becoming the Myspace of crypto currencies. 
It's at 有楽町店.  Very close to Ginza and Tokyo stations.
48.6% now!  Variance can be fun!
crickets......
I'd also like to see more support for Monero and other privacy conscious coins such as Zcash and Zcoin.
If by a broadcast email you mean one sent to three people: you, Adam Back, and Warren Togami, then fine. It wasn't to be a "guest blogger" either.  It was to participate in the world's largest Bitcoin AMA.  For the record, your company was the only bitcoin company in the entire world that didn't even bother to reply to my invitation, and one of only two that declined.  The other one graciously declined via email citing being in the middle of a divorce at the time. 
Because using drugs might destroy your life, so if the US government catches you with them, they will destroy your life for sure.
Often times the law is wrong.  If you are locking peaceful people in prison for victimless crimes,  you are the real criminal.  It is the lawbreakers who move society forward.  Think Rosa Parks, or Harriet Tubman and perhaps Ross Ulbricht.
Link to the proof:  https://www.dropbox.com/sh/wgmz9ofhq8kymhs/AADOd0QGEL8RvnKoeCKtPBKna?dl=0
Bitcoinstore.com will continue even if we don't meet our quarterly sales goal.  Our prices will just be slightly higher,  but still ultra competitive.
Nice summary. I would love to see someone write up a longer piece detailing all the hijacking  that actually did happen.
My conclusion is that Cobra's goal isn't Bitcoin or crypto currency adoption.
His goal is stirring up as much infighting and tribalism as he can in order to delay Bitcoin and crypto currency adoption.  Sadly, he is doing a great job of it too.
Full credit to Future FC and Private Internet Access VPN service.
You are right, calling it BS is a denial.    I did read through all the evidence and found it compelling though.
What kind of attack?  BTC fans are angry that people are using crypto currencies as currency?
I believe I told you that I’ll make you an approved submitter here the moment you do the same for me in /r/bitcoin
Until then, take your concern trolling somewhere else.
That is a tactic direct from the CIA handbook.  Always accuse your opposition of doing the exact thing you actually are doing. 
Feel free to use Doge if you like it more than BCH.  Nobody is stopping you.
You must be a paid troll. 

I never said Mt Gox was solvent. (or solevent)
The video was made 7 months before the collapse, not 10 days.

Serious question:  Who are you, and why are you here pretending to be me by using a similar user ID?  Are you paid to disrupt discussion here, or just don't have anything else to do with your day?  I'd love to have a serious reply.
Yes,  Bitcoin.com is working on funding multiple teams to develop this.
BCH based tokens will be coming to the Bitcoin.com wallet soon!
I already have.  In fact,  I previously basically employed him.
Thanks for the feedback.  We will work on improving those issues in future releases. 
Economic majority they say.....
If you read your history you will learn that gold came to be used as a store of value because it was used in commerce first. 
This was great....
Charlie got caught red handed not paying his bills, and then lying about it on top of that.  That's not the type of friend or business associate that anyone needs in their life. 
We are still stuck in the  perpetual 2 more days period.......
An agreement is an agreement.  (Unless you are Blockstream.  Then you just do whatever the heck you want)
Here are the full details of what happened.  
There were five bankers in the room along with myself and one other Bitcoin person.  I started by explaining Bitcoin to all of them and gave them each $10 worth of Bitcoin onto their phones.
They were super excited about it and eager to try it for themselves.  One of them went to send $1 worth of BTC from his phone to another’s.  The balance on the receiver's phone went up to $11, but the sender noticed that his new wallet balance was only $7.60.  He wanted to know what happened to the other $1.40.  I explained a bit about the block size debate and how some people actually think the high fees are a good thing for Bitcoin.  I then explained to them how Bitcoin is losing market share to altcoins because of this,  and sent one of them some Zcash to play with.  They then practiced sending the Zcash to each other and wondered why anyone would continue to use Bitcoin when cheaper options were available to them.  This is what the general public thinks about Blockstream’s planned fee market and full blocks.
I worry about it as much as I worry about Dogecoin.
Thank you for the correction.  You can also let /u/nullc know that in USD terms my altcoin holdings are about 5% of my BTC holdings.  I'm tired of seeing him and other Core supporters claiming that I don't have any Bitcoin's left so I'm trying to hurt bitcoin to pump my altcoins.  The only reason I bought any altcoins last year was because of Core's stupid roadmap that is undermining Bitcoin's characteristics as money.
I've been around bitcoin a while and I'm completely serious.  To me, Blockstream Core sounds like Conservative Republican.  Not all Blockstream members are part of Core, and not all Conservatives are Republicans, but there is a strong general correlation in both cases.  Why do people get upset about one,  but not the other?
Let's let the market determine the correct amount of block space to produce, and the cost for using it.  Segwit's 75% fee discount is economic central planing on full display and the price is guaranteed to be wrong.  If you are interested in understanding why central planning isn't just a bad idea, but is actually impossible to work,  read this book: https://www.amazon.com/Socialism-Sociological-Ludwig-von-Mises/dp/0913966630
You didn't address my point in any way.  Why should we trust people who openly support censorship of dissenting opinions to protect the censorship resistance of Bitcoin?
Yes,  but we are now on the way down that road!
Z-cash isn't out yet.  Sadly, I'm diversifying some of my assets out of Bitcoin because the current Core team isn't making any effort to scale quickly enough to keep up with customer demand.  So customers like myself are starting to leave and seek alternatives. 
He fails to notice that it is already completely centralized around the current Core team,  and that mining is very centralized already as well.  The best way to fix that is grow bitcoin into being used by over a billion people.
I'll try to have a full moderator meeting soon so there wont be issues like this in the future.
This will be my first Silicon Valley Meetup in several years.  I helped found the group back in 2011, so it should be really fun to see lots of old friends, and enjoy good food paid for in Bitcoin at the same time. 
How do you think things work at Bitpay or other merchant processors?  They receive a whole bunch of smaller payments,  and then send out one bigger payment.  If it starts being cheaper for people to use alt coins, or banks,  people will stop using Bitcoin. 
We don't want the mods of this forum to be viewed as being this: http://1.images.southparkstudios.com/blogs/southparkstudios.com/files/2014/05/0203_authoritah1.jpg
Because up until recently it was safe and easy to do so.
If we force Bitcoin users to pay more for less than they get with other coins,  they will leave bitcoin for those other coins permanently. 
How can the number one Bitcoin news site in the world not pay their writers in bitcoin,  and not accept bitcoin as payment for the merchandise for sale on their website?
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Bounty details:
I, Roger Ver, will pay 37.6 BTC to whoever provides  information leading directly to the arrest of the hacker(s) and extortionist(s) who used the skype name nitrous and gained unauthorized access to roger_ver@hotmail.com
The information can be provided directly to whatever the appropriate law enforcement agency is.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Comment: GPGTools - http://gpgtools.org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=FvYp
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Before Bitcoin,  I used to go to the nice hair salon and pay \~$50 for a good haircut that took about an hour to do.  Now I go to the \~$10 for a 10 minute haircut place so I can spend the extra 50 minutes working on Bitcoin Cash.
That sounds like good advice.
So the SEC is causing the exact thing they are claiming they are trying to prevent.....
You have no clue about my life.  I sold very specialized memory for Cisco machines for hundreds of dollars per module.  We didn't waste our time with commodity PC memory that would use an online memory configurator like the one you mentioned.  
And a dragon’s den hat.
I’m pretty sure it was because Tone Vays didn’t have $10,000 to bet.
I think there is a good chance it will double again.
No wonder the BTC supporters are so mad.  The economic reality is that BCH is more useful as money than BTC.
Because I was there, and I was doing it years before traditional VC firms were getting into the space.
I have a really hard time imagining that so many people that actually like BCH would be upvoting that post.  From the instant it was put on /r/BTC it had a bunch of upvotes and was on the front page.  This seems unlikely to be organic support to me, and I suspect that it was manipulated to the top.
What do others think?
It is also worth noting that they ONLY accept BCH.  No other cryptos.
No.  the open source paper wallet generator I used doesn't support it.
Samson is unlikely to ever debate me. Look at how he weaseled out of it last time: https://forum.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-discussion/roger-ver-vs-samson-mow-debate-thread-t23081.html
They are most likely to listen to existing customers.  If you play there currently,  ask them to accept Bitcoin Cash.  And a BCH version of games.bitcoin.com will be here very soon!
I never said they were fine, I never said they were solvent. All I said was that all their current withdrawal problems were caused by the traditional banking system.  That was 100% correct.
oy vays
https://youtube.com/watch?v=3R8ckM-TDHI
This is just one more step in a chain of many more to come.
I don't think I said I would never abandon segwit coins,  but I'm also adverse to putting all my eggs in one basket too.  For the moment Bitcoin.com is busy building new things based on BCH for Bitcoin.com, and we don't plan to work to add more than the minimum required to continue support for BTC per the NYA.  When business can choose between paying $100 per tx,  or $0.01 per tx,  it is clear which they will chose. 
I bought thousands before the fork actually happened on a futures market. I never bought any after the fork until about 2 days ago when I sold about a dozen BTC for BCC. I hope that clarifies things. There was no lie here, and the pump in price wasn't due to me.
Download the current version (with BCC support coming soon) at: https://www.bitcoin.com/choose-your-wallet/bitcoin-com-wallet
You speak of integrity. My real name is Roger Ver. What is yours?
In 2017 people don't need to attend in person to sign things.  That said,  I do think "pledge" would be a better word to describe what happened there.
A full comparison will be coming soon,  but the data clearly shows that anyone switching to pool.bitcoin.com from F2Pool or BTCC will earn significantly more money.  The above data was obtained by pointing the same number of miners, in the same data center, to each pool,  and then recording the results.   We also pay significantly more than Slush,  but they have a different payout structure so we need a bit more data before we can publish that comparison.  Bitfury's pool isn't open to the public, so we don't have any data there either.   Please help spread the word to any miner you know mining on F2P or BTCC that they will earn significantly more with Bitcoin.com.  Available in Chinese and Spanish too!
Another example was at some point in this 2 hour long video Johnny said something to the effect of "Bitcoin has been proven to be unstable if the blocks aren't full" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JarEszFY1WY
I missed the previous apology,  but thank you for this one.  Everyone can get carried away sometimes,  so I'm happy to let this one go.  Hopefully now we can settle that "other" issue bitcoin is dealing with soon.
But one heavily censors discussion, the other does not.
Great idea!  We are making the banner ads now.
It looks like you are the one who is lying here. 
Did you even apply to present?  I suspect you didn't, but I also suspect they would be glad to have you if you actually had some sort of on chain scaling solution you wanted to present.
The big banks with a $75M investment?
Sorry if you didn't get a reply in the past. I must have missed it.  I'm interested.  Please email me again at roger@rogerver.com and I will get things started with you right away. 
I'd like to clarify that my comment was just in reference to ALL government laws being threats of violence, and ultimately death threats for those who don't comply. Other than general legal uncertainty about Bitcoin and crypto coins in general, I'm not aware of any government agents targeting shared send or Blockchain.info directly with threats of violence other than the usual things like "You must get permission from us in the form of a business license to do much of anything".  When time permits,  I plan to add some privacy tools for the public to use on Bitcoin.com.  If anyone has some specific ideas and want to get paid to create it,  contact us at jobs@bitcoin.com.  To read more about my general views on governments issuing threats of violence,  I recently wrote down some of my thoughts in this interview: https://steemit.com/life/@wadepaterson/20-questions-with-roger-ver-exclusive-interview
Themos' censorship is clearly what divided the community. 
libsecp256k1, a library written from scratch specifically for the exact type of cryptography Bitcoin uses is helpful with the initial syncing. Credit where credit is due.
It's up to all of us to spread the word, so please post on your own social media inviting your friends to install Bitcoin Classic if they support 2MB blocks. http://www.bitcoinclassic.com
Except they don't prevent any of that.
Madoff, Enron, Bail outs, etc....
Exactly.
That means LN has 7740 users world wide.  Think about that.
"It is going to give US advantages in three key areas."
Clearly he is part of the BCH gang.
We learned that full blocks were a disaster that caused the ecosystem to fragment, and adoption to reverse. 
Does anyone know where I can get my laundry done for BCH?
Thanks so much for brining this to my attention.  I've updated the spread sheet and I will make an update video tomorrow. 
$100 u/tippr
18 more months.
No denial this time.......
Very clearly manipulation has been happening within the crypto ecosystem as well.
Hundreds of views in the first hour, and thousands or tens of thousands of views in about a week is pretty good. 
The fact that your persistently trolling posts are still allowed here is a demonstration of our commitment to open dialog,  even to the point of degrading the quality of the conversation here.
That sounds like a de-escalation to me.
I will follow up and see what the status is when I return to Japan later this month.  The regulatory environment in Japan has become much more strict with the recent hackings, so things move much slower now.
Notice that he wrote that in May of 2011.
Down from around 99%
Jonas,  if you are reading this, rather than attacking me personally, feel free to refute the evidence and logic I presented here.
I know you wont because the logic and evidence is on the side of Bitcoin Cash being Bitcoin.
The person in the tweet is mocking economic freedom directly.
Try using both and then buy the one that provides a better user experience.
Name-calling is not an argument.
Source: https://morizocoin.com/bchpayment_osarucoffee/
Here is what I see: Imgur
This is super bullish for Bitcoin Cash!
I wasn't going to bother him about paying it back until he started attacking Bitcoin. (BCH)
The first restaurants to accept Bitcoin in all of Japan are now accepting BCH.  Bitflyer, Coincheck, and the other merchant processors will be adding BCH support soon as well since BTC is unusable for payments thanks to Core's intentional full block high fee policy.
We didn't. It just depends on what country you are in.  Get some today at:  https://buy.bitcoin.com/
Thanks for taking the time to think about this.   I'm not concerned with income inequality at all.  Just because Bill Gates is a zillionaire doesn't mean anyone else is worse off.  I am concerned with absolute (not relative) poverty,  and the best system ever devised to help the poor is economic freedom.  Coinbase founder Brian Armstrong knows this too. 
To know that they charge you with the weight of all the packaging I suspect means you have been charged yourself.  I'm sorry they did that to you, but thank you for your support. 
I think I got suckered into an “interview” just like the people who agreed to give an “interview” to Borat or ALI G.  Cervalho succeeded in pushing my buttons.  I should have just ended the “interview”
No idea. Ask a lawyer?
So you are telling me to put all my eggs in one basket?  That is bad investment advice.  
No,  I'm proposing he be fired for his toxic behavior. 
I don't think we need to stoop to /r/Bitcoin's level.  Whether CSW is Satoshi aside, Nchain is a real company with a substantial office in London with numerous employees. I've visited it myself.  Calling it a hoax just shows how juvenile and out of touch with reality they are.
This is a repost, but it is so good it deserves to be upvoted again.
This clearly shows just how far out of touch with reality he is.
https://forum.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-discussion/court-judgement-against-okcoin-for-570-000-usd-t28640.html
All of our in person conversations have been very pleasant, but lying about me on twitter seems very hostile.  
a.  Myself and my company are supporters of Segwit per the NYC agreement.
b. I've been a supporter of lightning network since day one.
a +b = you are lying and hostile. 
Agreed.
Except that it isn't and the architects behind SegWit openly say they want high fees and full blocks! They want the exact problems we are experiencing! 

Alts are rising because you and Gmax + some random goons are blocking protocol upgrade called bigger blocks.

See what I did there?
I assure you Bitcoin.com is really running BU in production.
But if we scale Bitcoin, I won't be able to run a node on my $20 Raspberry Pi! /s
It is now over 115 Ph/s and 3.5% of the global network.  Tell your friends to join today! pool.bitcoin.com
I hope more people spreading lies about BU will be called out on it.
We are still in private beta,  but if you would like an invite,  email pool@bitcoin.com
Over 90% of Bitcoin holders who voted, agree with you: https://vote.bitcoin.com/arguments/if-non-core-hard-fork-wins-major-holders-will-sell-btc-driving-price-into-the-ground
My tweet was inspired by a similar tweet that is at the top of North Korea at the moment. 
Join myself, and others who support free speech in person tonight in Milan Italy. 
Everyone from the general Bitcoin public is welcome.
There will be free food, free beer, and free discussion of ideas allowed by everyone tonight starting at 7PM.
Location:  https://goo.gl/maps/yAkSoxWWy9F2
Additional details: https://news.bitcoin.com/roger-ver-free-speech-scaling-bitcoin/
Even people with small blocks are invited to attend. 
I originally posted this on the Bitcoin.com forum, but I thought I would post the full text here as well:
I've noticed lots of people mentioning how important it is to carefully review code for bugs, errors, or attack vectors before implementing it into Bitcoin.
Even the slightest change could have disastrous effects. That's often cited as the reason improvements to core Bitcoin code take months or even years to actually be implemented. These people are absolutely right, and we should all be extremely careful about whatever changes we make to the core Bitcoin code.
What I think these people often don't realize, is that the exact same arguments apply to the economic incentives that were created with the invention Bitcoin. Up until now, these economic incentives have been incredibly effective at driving growth and adoption of Bitcoin. We all need to be extremely careful about changing any of the economic incentives in the Bitcoin network, or we could potentially destroy the entire system we are all so passionate about. 
Until recently, transactions have always been extremely low cost and there has always been plenty of extra room in each block for those transactions. A few months ago that situation changed. Blocks are consistently full and the fee per transaction is increasing quickly. This is a fundamental change to the economics that have been driving the growth of bitcoin up until this point. I think we all need to take a step back and consider just how incredibly disruptive any changes to the economics driving Bitcoin growth could potentially be be to the network as a whole. 
I wholeheartedly thank everyone who's contributed coding to the Bitcoin ecosystem, but we all need to stop and realize that the changing the economic incentives of Bitcoin can be just as dangerous as changing the underlying code of Bitcoin.
Showing my support as well:  https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/688812282885713924
Almost for sure that was a character assassination attempt by the Feds to prevent us from supporting him.  Notice that the Feds never actually charged him with anything having to do with violence.  It is clear that the government agents are the violent aggressors for wanting to lock peaceful people in cages for using drugs.
iOS version coming soon!
Yes.  The blocks used to be much smaller....
Source
We are busy focused on peer to peer electronic cash for the world.
Jonald nails it again!
From the man who went all in on Bitcoin in 2011: https://falkvinge.net/2011/05/29/why-im-putting-all-my-savings-into-bitcoin/
Nope.  I explained it to them clearly and they all wanted BCH.  That’s why all the stickers they are holding say Bitcoin Cash.
Feel free to take your discussions that are banned by Reddit to forum.bitcoin.com
Yup!
I never said either of those things.
We aren’t 
Here are the transactions in a block explorer:  https://explorer.bitcoin.com/bch/address/1NMJ165tJx4Y69GT7kh162SoLjgQaj3e5D
The same one who I told would be fired if he ever did anything like that ever again?
We have a strict no sock puppet policy at Bitcoin.com, and everyone who is a part of our team knows they will be fired if they engage in sock puppeting.
It has to do with the fact that he didn't believe in Bitcoin at all despite having been notified of its creation on day one.
Because I don't think any of those things are true.  Go concern troll somewhere else.
What is Bitreon and where can we read about the scam? 
I was thinking of charging 1 BCH for the interview that is fully refundable as soon as the interview is actually published.
Thank you too for doing the AMA.  I also stopped using Purse when the blocks became full, but not so much because of the high fees.  It was the unreliability of the transactions that really made me fed up with BTC.  Cheap transactions are good,  but reliable transactions are even better.  Luckily BCH has both. 
I made a slightly longer clip out of it here.
BCH, BTC, ETH

Roger is a conman

I'm not.

He has admitted he doesn’t know anything about programming.

Actually I know quite a bit about programming.  I've done some myself in the past and I employ several dozen programmers today.

brushes aside any concerns about centralization.

I'm very concerned about it.  Unfortunately those arguments have been censored from /r/Bitcoin

promotes zero conf transactions as safe and secure when they most certainly are not.

They certainly can be, and were before CORE intentionally eroded their safety.

He insults lightning network and all the hard work going into developing it

You sound like a Marxist promoting the Labor Theory of Value.

He thinks the scaling issue can be solved by simply changing a constant in the code.

Thanks to Moore's law it can.

He regularly tries to confuse newcomers by stealing the Bitcoin logo and claiming Bcash is bitcoin.

Read the title of the Satoshi White Paper.  Bitcoin is Bitcoin Cash.

He created a service which allows people to pay for tweets from shill accounts.

This open platform was originally created by Erik Voorhees and Ira Miller back in 2012.  It is an open platform that allows anyone to promote any message from any account.  

This service was extended to reddit and Roger uses regularly to build an illusion of community agreement.

I've never been involved with anything even remotely related to this on Reddit,  or anywhere else. 

He lied about Mt Gox being solvent when they most certainly weren’t.

I never said or implied they were solvent. In fact, I was very careful not to, and never even uttered the word solvent in the video. 

He fled the United States

Yes.  Why would I stick around in a place that is constantly harassing me?

is a convicted criminal

Yes.  I think the ATF and FBI are the ones who should be ashamed of their selective prosecution.

He was an investor who happened to be in the right place at the right time.

You just described the exact job of an investor.  Invest money in the right place, at the right time. 
Luckily they didn't manage to take down the Facebook copy of the video yet:  https://www.facebook.com/rogerkver/videos/10155329191965737/
Username checks out.
Be your own leader.
I'll see what I can do although lots of people are vying for his time. 
This is worth a watch
The company supports Bitcoin Cash.
Maybe,  but it does seem to be a reoccurring theme with small blockers.  Some of them whom I've never had any interaction with at all have blocked me.
I caught a thief red handed.  It figures DJbunnies would be siding with the thief.
Stop by,  have some great Korean BBQ and pay with Cash!  (Bitcoin Cash)
https://www.yelp.com/biz/korean-spring-bbq-santa-clara
It is already locked.
I wish that were true.  Samson refused.
It is,  and that is why many of the signers agreed to it.
Sorry,  I don't reply to paid shills.  /S (I may do an AMA on /r/BTC soon though.
I'm suggesting that lots of people already have left Bitcoin due to the network congestion.  Let's name a few of the companies that used to be Bitcoin only, but have now integrated altcoins.
Just a few that come to mind are:

Coinbase
Kraken
Bitfinex
Open Bazaar
Bitstamp
Bitmain

and many many many more.
You aren't the only one who is now an ETH owner thanks to Blockstream, Core and the /r/Bitcoin mods. 
Has Adam commented anywhere on why his employee is advocating the exact opposite from what he is?
It is only too bad for me as a large bitcoin holder and owner of bitcoin.com.  It's not bad for the market as a whole. I wouldn't feel nearly as frustrated if bitcoin was simply being outcompeted.  In reality it is being handicapped by a bunch of social arguments, not anything technical. 
Charlie Shrem is a liar,  so you shouldn't repeat his lies.  I'm not spending $500K per month to support BU.
Perhaps the patents existed before the invention of Bitcoin, or at least before the creation of Blockstream.  Those patents are owned by a separate company to Blockstream,  but also owned by AXA and or other investors. That would explain things as well.  This is pure speculation on my part although there are claims that existing patents already cover segwit. 



I'm not broke.  My net worth is higher than it has ever been.




My cloud mining offering is creating a market in hash rate that will attract more miners to my pool. 




Your math is wrong.  No one earns 150% return in a month from my cloud hashing program. 



I never said that,  just like I never said Mtgox was solvent.  Good job twisting my words.
I didn't know anything about ASICBoost until just a few days ago.  After spending a small amount of time looking into it I think it is a non-issue.
I messaged him several days ago and he still hasn't replied to me.
I don't think there is any reason or need to attack the minority chain.  I think it will very likely die on its own.
The copy leaked to me in advance was being spread by Samson Mow
I don't control any of those at all,  and I only recognize Posternut who is a staff writer at Bitcoin.com
Myself and many other industry players have given money to Bitcoin Unlimited.  I've also donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to other development teams as well.  I think there should be competition among development teams.
This was the third one,  and I suspect there will be a fourth.  Now is your chance!
It felt that way for many of us in attendance.  
That setting catches a huge amount of spam, and scams,  so I'm not  sure removing it would be helpful.  We can always manually re-approve the false positives like we did today.
He was active this week on Bitcoin.com 
https://forum.bitcoin.com/gavinandresen-u1180/
Ashley Bar /Adam Turner & Mark Karpeles:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye_81RH6wiI
It is sounding more and more like the murder for hire charges are just a pack of lies orchestrated by the Feds.
So Yahoo is implying that the Panama company stole $851M from Bitfinex?  Is that how others interpret the article too?
It is open source too, so feel free to improve upon it.
Yes,  it already supports that!
Try using both for payments, and then it will be clear.
You are both right.
Not your keys, not your coins.
It’s not binary.  It’s a sliding scale and this slides the scale over to being even safer than it already is.
Thanks for the awesome work guys!  (I just posted this same link before I saw your post)
They can apply that money towards applying for their money transmitter license required for running a lightning node.
I don't know what sort of "spam" you were banned for,  but I've unbanned you.   We welcome all civil discussion regardless of viewpoint.
He’s not a scammer, he’s just confused on the BCH / BSV topic.
The site was referred to me by a friend that I trust claiming that he knows the person behind the site.  So I'm willing to take the risk.
That's not how this works.  There is only an opportunity cost loss,  not an actual loss.
I think having some tournament matches is the equivalent of a lot of time on the mat in the gym.  I’ve never been more tired in my life than after some tournament matches.
Wow!
He got into the ring which is more than just about every other person on the planet. 
Open the /r/Bitcoin mod logs or GTFO with your censorship claims here.
Tone Vays would approve.
Core supporters love to attack anyone who actually got people to start using Bitcoin.
I feel horrible since they successfully tricked a girl in Tokyo I know into investing 1BTC into their scam site.  Any ideas how we can get this site taken off line?
And the paid dancers at and the entire afterparty,  and the yacht rental were all done in BCH.
Lots more work to do.
This trend is likely to continue until BCH has more adoption by every metric.
The negative effect on Bitcoin of losing all the things happening on Counterparty shouldn't be underestimated.
Try it in an incognito window from a different IP address.
How about you present some reasoned arguments backed up by evidence of how BTC is still better than BCH?  You won't because you can't.  The reality is that BCH transactions are cheaper, faster, and more reliable than BTC transactions, and therefore provide a better user experience. That is why we will see BCH overtake BTC in the future. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hominem
This is a big deal.
Because that was the chart that someone already made and was available via google.  Please make an updated one and I will tip you $50 in BCH.
Thanks to our great dev team who are working on this.  Apple denied these same updates on iOS for some reason.  We are investigating now.
No one else went to jail for selling the same product I was.  (Pest Control Report 2000)
On it!
This isn't the missing video.  There is an additional video interview that took place after this one.
To say that Bitcoin doesn't scale infinitely doesn't mean that it doesn't have the ability to scale a whole whole lot on chain.  
Take your Bcash and shove it.  We will switch to Bitcoin Cash if S2X fails.
I actually decided that I will start calling each version "Bitcoin Segwit" and "Bitcoin Cash" from now on.
All three.  They are merge mined.
I think the next steps are:



Full Bitcoin Cash support by the Bitcoin.com Wallet.  (Support coming very soon)




Mining profitability being similar.  (This will happen after about 600 more blocks)



After those two things happen,  it will become much easier for whales to feel safe about pushing the price / mining profitability around a bit.
Legacy Bitcoin used to have safe zero-confirmation transactions too until Blockstream and Core intentionally destroyed it.
You don't know the difference between Bitcoin.com and me, Roger Ver?
The announcement makes no mention of me in any way.
Cobra, You are severely damaging Bitcoin's brand by engaging in lies, censorship and massively deviating from the Bitcoin white paper.  
Adam Back is really raked over the coals here.
It is a way to speculate on the future price and difficulty of Bitcoin.
Maybe it is because Bitcoin.com is much more in line with the original idea behind bitcoin than the censored /r/Bitcoin and Bitcoin.org
Don't forget that it also includes damages too!  How many millions is that at this point.
This simply isn't true, as shown by the fact that most Bitcoin transactions were completely free for the first half of Bitcoin's existence. (And the blocks where no where near full)
There are lots of us that support you!
Especially since the part he is accusing me of lying about is in "quotes" because I was just quoting this reddit post.
Bitcoin isn't block space.  Bitcoin is scarce,  the amount of block space shouldn't be. 
Certain hosted wallets already have millions of dollars worth of customer's bitcoins locked in addresses that can never be spent with the current fee level that was intentionally created by Blockstream and Core.
I guess you missed the part where BU more than doubles on-chain transaction capacity now and is ready now and you have been actively blocking it.  Your own argument goes both ways.
You can see the replies to my tweet for examples of small block supporters disagreeing with a fundamental tenet of economics.  When things cost more,  people will use less of it. Arguing against that is like arguing that the world is flat, yet that is what many people seem to be doing today. 
Actually we are earning money on every block we mine. 
It is just a single S7, and just for testing the final production software, but very shortly we will be inviting specific miners to mine with us. 
Maybe I already am working on that. ;)
I honestly think that the evidence points to the the idea that increasing the block size increases Bitcoin's ability to resist being controlled, or censored.  The more people using bitcoin, the more heads the hydra has.
The irony seems to be completely lost on them.  They are also completely wrong about small blocks helping preserve censorship resistance.  Bigger blocks help improve censorship resistance. 

I think Theymos has every right to censor as he does. He's moderating a private forum.

I agree,  but we also have every right to yell and complain about it. 
He agrees with bigger blocks and on chain scaling very strongly privately. He thinks that if he is very public about it,  it will polarize him and no one in North Korea will listen to him any more. 
I saw Gavin this morning in person.  He is safe, and convinced of the evidence that Craig is Satoshi.
I emailed Soupernerd about this about 24 hours ago and have not heard back yet.  If there continues to be unwarranted moderation in /r/BTC I will be stepping down myself. 
I just agreed to spend a minimum of $25,000 to have a new redesign done,  and already paid the first $15,000 of it. (Right before the price shot up)  A beautiful Bitcoin.com is in the works!
Here is the PGP signed document's raw text PGP signed by CZ of OKcoin.  Feel free to verify the signature for yourself:  https://www.dropbox.com/s/ia18r31vd2c4ur1/Decrypted%20PGP%20signed%20contract%20from%20CZ.txt?dl=0
Thank you @bitcoininfo!
You can F off with your censorship that continues to this very day.  It is telling that you have to come here to post, since open discussion isn't allowed on the platforms you have influence over.
Great job Bitcoin Aliens!
3.5 hours is a long time.  Someone should clip out the two relevant and contradictory stances by Jack and put them into a single short video.
Why do you think that?  The $50 fees we had last year were usable?
Gift card arbitrage to drive Bitcoin Cash adoption in commerce.
+1
These are all things we would like to have some day too.  The shorter term priorities are

Spend and replace built right into the wallet
Strong Privacy thanks to Coinshuffle
Improving the transaction creation, signing, and broadcasting speed

I’m here for the benefits of the economic freedom created by crypto currency.  I don’t care which crypto currency succeeds in bringing those benefits, but I support BCH because I think it has the best chance of brining that freedom to the world.  The other subs engage in censorship precisely because they are trying to protect their specific investment rather than promote the benefits to human kind generally.
BTC has more hash than BCH, but there is more to Bitcoin than just hash rate.  That is why BCH is Bitcoin, and BTC is something else.
Hopefully some day!
I was surprised no one had posted this before.  I think it is worth everyone taking a look.
He knew just fine.
Far too little too late.  The delay shattered bitcoin into 1000 altcoins
Bitcoin Cash is less of an ALT than BTC is. Here is reason and evidence why: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vufeM92bfJw
Whoever wrote this is reading all the right authors.
Please give Satoshi Pulse a try too.  Https://pulse.bitcoin.com
I suspect and hope so.
Read the title of the white paper:  peer to peer electronic cash system
Then ask yourself if BTC or BCH fits that definition.
BTC = Slow Transactions With High Fees
BCH = Instant Transactions With Low Fees
I don’t think I’ve ever been asked the question before. I’m not involved in anyway whatsoever other than being interested in what they end up producing for the community.
At least your post is allowed to remain here without being deleted.  If I posted something similar on /r/Bitcoin about Theymos my post would be deleted. 
Here are a list of people who I asked,  and they basically said they don't or rarely use Bitcoin:

Jimmy Song
Eric Lombrozo
Luke-jr
Tone Vays
Johnny Dilley
Adam Meister
Many more.....

I suspect the rest of the Core supporters aren't tansacting with BTC either...
Never.
Welcome!
I thought so too!
Obviously that description fits Bitcoin Cash,  not Bitcoin Core.
Your economic ignorance is on display.  If a token looses its utility, its price will go down over time.
Sounds like they are jealous that the Bitcoin.com team has built a much more successful website than the Bitcoin.org team.
When and where was this offer?  I'm not aware of any such offer.  The last time your side came up with an offer,  it turned out to be a complete bluff.
Loaded was dishonest from the very start. 
I'll be posting my own Eric Grill and Tone Vays story shortly. 
The native Chinese speaker likely transcribed it from something I said verbally.
You have my assurance that /r/btc and bitcoin.com will always support free speech and the bitcoin.com whitepaper will remain the original forever.
Bingo.
That video is great.  Especially the ending!
First we have to solve the scaling problem.  Blockstream has intentionally crippled how bitcoin has always worked, in an attempt to force users onto their solution to the problem they have created.  
This is the kind of thing that happens for anyone who is running a business!  Businesses aren't spam!

I hope we get Bigger Blocks soon so that fees can come down. The great thing about Bigger Blocks is that we get a blocksize limit increase resulting in lower fees and old and new wallets can continue to seamlessly transact with each other. This is great because a long tail of unupgraded users won't have any problems, while everyone instantly gets lower fees

See what I did there?
This is especially interesting because the Bitfinex CTO is one of the biggest Segwit supporters, and they offered that incredibly lopsided BU vs Core contract to try to make BU look less attractive. 
Thanks so much!  For anyone interested in the super early days, Nathaniel Popper did an amazing job chronicling it in his book Digital Gold
I addressed this exact issue on the mad bitcoins episode I just did:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpOnolf1tS8
Miners will earn more money from the block reward when Bitcoins are worth $100K each than when Bitcoin transaction fees are $100 each.
Misinformation like your post?  /r/BTC was given to me free of charge. 
I also confirm that all of my email exchanges with SouperNerd were from a .edu email address.  I'd also like to point out that he gave me /r/BTC completely free.   That doesn't sound like the behavior of someone who would then try to sell his personal Reddit account for money. 
You may have missed it,  but we have much much much more than just some games.  For example,  check out our cool widgets!
/u/increaseblocks  Thanks for pointing out the inaccuracies.  It is also worth noting that they lied to me when inviting me to this debate.  They told me that they just wanted me to come in and talk to the people in the team speak channel in a completely informal manner.  When I arrived, they had the entire 4 vs 1 debate ready to start and be recorded.  I don't mind debating the issues, but ambushing someone like that was very dishonest of them too. 
"By dictating such policies and not allowing goods to be subject to the free-market-at-work, Core discourages new (mining) competitors and directly contributes to the centralization of mining!"  This is such an interesting point!
Apparently your listening comprehension is just as low as your reading comprehension.  Watch the video again and let me know what part of it wasn't true. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP1YsMlrfF0
It surprises me how many people see this differently.   The more people using something,  the harder it is to shut down or control. 
Thank you so much!  That should help a lot!
I've been tracking over time our traffic rankings here:  https://forum.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-discussion/how-popular-is-bitcoin-com-t523.html
Great point.
Here you go, the full automod config settings: https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/4t8he8/psa_here_is_the_current_automod_configuration_for/  What do you think should be changed?
Are you willing to advocate for the same policies in /r/Bitcoin as you are asking for here?  What do you think about Theymos actively censoring my own on-topic post himself? Proof: https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/638892910142861313
I'm saying that if we want people around the world to start using bitcoin instead of something else, Bitcoin needs to be significantly better.  That means, cheaper, faster, safer, and easier than the competition. With the artificial block size limit, Bitcoin is losing ground in the cheaper, faster, safer aspects.  Transactions are starting to cost more, take longer to confirm, and have a much longer double spend window than they did previously.  We need to do everything we can to make Bitcoin as useful as we possibly can. Artificially limiting the transactional throughout does the exact opposite of what we are trying to accomplish.
I'm more than a little upset by the change of course brought on by a group that came to bitcoin much later.
